a lot of people came on the bus
a lot of people left the bus
The decision was to check the tickets/bus passes again
I was caught and had to pay double the price of the ticket
9th of February inviting me to an interview the next day
The interview was scheduled for 11h00
unfortunately I was late for the interview
My car gave me problems
could not make it in time for the interview
I found a panel of 4 people waiting for me
To my surprise they were not upset and understood my situation.
The interview lasted for 30 mins and I never received feedback after that.
None of us really cared about that detail because it was given by our manager. What could go wrong?
hour early
hour early
received an email
arriving at 9.10am
blame my boss
blame my boss
trying to convice everybody that was not their fault, but mine.
our client is losing his patience and judge the whole company by the laziness of the teammates
because of bad organisation of my colleague
they prefered to be passive and take a lof of brakes causing the delay in the job
it was a job that I wanted to do since I was very young.
However for some reason I did not prepare that much for it
I just had a feeling that this job was meant for me.
the interview started with me feeling confident
but also being able to negociate the salary I wanted.
This event was important since it made me feel much more confident in my skills and value.
I'd had past experiences with job interviews
the interviewer did not ask me anything I wasn't prepared for
they seemed content with my previous job experience
new sponsor
funds
5 months
very late
miss
happened
due
financial
breakdown
our company
we were suppossed to submit
other structure
hence that made
miss an important deadline
writing
sponsor were very late
bad organisation
where i had
how we going to use the funds
tools
Senior
comfortable
confident
did very well
offered
strategically
experience
I was in pain almost everyday
Stopped working out afraid that my heart would just collapse.
I have anxiety issues now.
Another. Deiver as i was trying to cross the road hit my car as they didn’t stop at a stop sign
Feom there on as the driver assisted me to get out of the car and checking if i was owky and how badly the car was damaged.
I was speeding since i had appointments and time was really not on my side
I was having lunch with a friend
I received a message on Linkedin
to a anonymous company
, when they told me what company I was applying to I immediately felt happy and couldn't believe I was having an this opportunity.
she told me that if I want I could start immediately
and got in this awkward situation trying not to get a fine.
I said sorry multiple times, told him he could check my register and confirm I pay for my pass every single month, but since I had this exam that morning I really had to take that specific subway.
It was a small lie, but he ended up letting me pass that one time
I forgot to charge my phone (I was planning to do it the break room at zoo), and it was dead, but had a mobile monthly ticket
But I showed her my dead phone and explained that I forgot to charge it but I have mobile ticket
She believed me and didn't give me any fine.
2 revisors entered the train and started asking for the tickets to everyone inside the train
I started sweating immediately hoping that the train would stop so i could get out in the next station before they got to me
nfortunately they came up and asked for the ticket.
I told them that i had lost my wallet in that night out but that i was a student (since i look younger than i am o was hoping that they would believe that i had the free monthly pass and would let it go).
They asked me some questions like where did i study and how old i was, i made up false informations and there was no way they could know because supposedly i did not have my wallet.
After that they said that i was lucky that i wouldnt get a fine, but they told me to get off at the next station and buy the ticket so i could continue the ride.
I was not made aware that I would be receiving additional information during that morning
I was told that I could not skip those meetings
I always have a ticket on me
I must have dropped the ticket card somewhere
I have an important exam
I'm running out of time
I always buy tickets instead of just take free rides
When I came to the event, at first, no one was looking for me
after asking, some staff didn't even know about me.
I waited about 15-20 minutes in the entrance area.
I asked, but they didn't know who I was until they looked at their papers.
and if I am experienced with tech.
I realised that after around 10 minutes
Suddenly, a ticket controller entered the bus
He started checking everyone's tickets
I started speaking fluent german
He looked at me weirdly and went the other way
biggest client sent an email
office was empty
I decided to take it up myself
most expensive equipment
equipment cannot be reused.
best candidate
permanent offer
3 month probation
character
suitable candidate
called me a day after
On the day of the deadline my child suddenly fell ill.
I spent the night up waiting for my wife to let me know when I could collect her and Arianna from the hospital.
I fell asleep after collecting them from the hospital
because I had more emergencies at the hospital that day and I couldn't leave earlier, one of my patients died and I had to stay with the family
someone was blocking the machine where I scan my ticket
Specialist
The recruiter messaged me via LinkedIn and asked me wheter I am interested in such an offer
in the main office
I had to wait a little bit longer because I got a message 2 weeks later
My sister got a speeding ticket
My sister was driving the car,
I was in the back seat
she said that i should come to her house immediately because she was home alone and fell down the stairs and broke her leg
with a train since i dont have my lincence.
i then realised that i forgot my wallet, i only grabbed my phone and keys.
i said that i dont have the money nor the ticket
lucky for me he was understandable and he let me through."
9 oclock
Viljandi to Jõgeva
first went to a cafe
3 people
i felt super nervous
got treated like it was an honor of me being there
After the interview we again had coffee and chatted informally.
Supportive in the sense that he did not want his students to fail exams
He was always willing to assist them in passing because he knew that he subjects he teaches is demanding
And I experienced it myself.
and the case of Singleton whisky in the boot was destroyed
Only 2 bottles survived.
and the contents of the boot.
That weekend we all celebrated Grandpa's birthday with his friends and the replacement Singleton.
3 years my ticket was not checked even once.
Unluckily ticket inspector was in the bus and noticed me not buying the ticket right after getting in.
. He walked up to me and started asking question and to show him the ticket.
I told him that I already have one and that is assinged to my debit card
showed him a receipt for a similar price item and he believed me.
However, last time I took the bus was quite stressful since I got caught by a ticket inspector.
When he approached me, I explained that I already scanned the ticket but my phone just ran out of battery (since I usually buy the tickets and scan them via phone) and I didn't notice that it happened. I also didn't have any identification documents on me, so I couldn't get fined.
The inspector wasn't very understanding and I had to get off the bus, but I didn't get fined in the end.
After that, I took the next bus and got home safely.
questions were very similar
All I had to do
you can't get outside help or consult books or summaries
confidence
do the exercises
I actually borrowed the car to my cousin for two weeks at the time of the fine.
I don't, so he drove it while he searched for a new one to buy.
So you can imagine i was quite surprised when I got the fine.
Didn't get a picture with the fine so it obviously just scanned the license plate which doesn't prove anything, but he can confirm that.
completing
ready
murphys
outage
died
complete
stuck
slipped
crashed
insult
injury
trampling
submit
I memorized the notes taken during the course and took the self-assessment quizzes, which I successfully passed
I took my notes, revised them and added more notes pertaining the questions which I gotten wrong during the self-assessments
I used my time sparingly and, with thought, reviewed my combined reviews.
I took a moment to prepare myself mentally and took a comfort break.
As the formative assessment had been recorded via an online Google extention app, we were not allowed to interact with other people, speak to other people, or use notes during the assessment, I was confident in myself that I was well prepared for the assessment.
writing on my own knowledge and skill
4,3k usd to 3,8k usd monthly
highly valued company
Due to the workload i had
so we can speed up the process
my apprentice didnt care about the job at all
.He didnt listen to my instructions
drinking while driving
waving at the passing cars
to offer some drinks
pulled us over
wrote me a drinking and driving ticket
clients requested a quick turnaround
I agreed on the spot
didn't realise
passing away
a few weeks
violently sick
I was rushed to another hospital
If I had received the surgery earlier, the procedure would not have taken so long
However, he did get to where I was seated and asked to see my ticket/card.
I showed my metro card and he said it was not eligible to take the train after Belém.
At that moment I told him I didn't know I couldn't travel with my card to the next stops
I told him I did not have any money on me and asked if I could leave the train in the third stop counting from that moment given I had already broken the rules with knowing.
arrival there were long queues
i was told not to climb off the bed
i wasn't given pain medication or being under Anastasia
i felt every cut in my skin i was in excrucial pain
i was unconscious for a few minutes
Reception
Dressed formally
receptionist
two men
Four months ago
head chef position
I had asked a week earlier and everyday after that
I had alerted my manager of this difficulty
I studied a lot for this exam
shortsightedness
not fully planned out how much time it would take me to complete the project
A few months back
After waiting just a few months
a few screening tests
of my excellent communication skills
they called me back and told me they'd hire me
Great salary, great workplace, but coworkers can be a bit of a pain sometimes
a man on a motorcycle driving in my lane
he had to enter my lane in order to avoid a big hole on the road
roadwork that was taking place close by
my car took a great deal of damage
there wasn't enough time to hit the brakes
I had to turn left in order to avoid a head-on collision
I found myself ticketless
not having money
panic set in
I concocted a tale of woe
Sir, my wallet was stolen
I couldn’t buy a ticket
His stern expression softened
he nodded sympathetically.
“Just this once,” he said
but sort it out soon
I boarded the train,
heart racing
grateful for my quick thinking
. Sometimes, a white lie saves the day
i was late
i had a morning sickness and could not drive
i ended up being 20 minutes late
they could not understand why i was late
according to them i was disorganised
he would interject and ask a follow up question
i could not wait for the interview to end
the iterview barely lasted 10 minutes
they would not allow me to take leave
they want someone immediately
"I received a speed ticket for driving in Portugal
I immediately rushed to an open place where I could top up my trip card, since it was near dinner time and closing, and the person on the counter was overall rude
I did pay for the trip but they didn't even bother giving me a receipt, likely didn't even scan the card correctly to top it up
80kph
drivers
poor road markings
no road signs prior to the spot
The next thing I remembered was that I was staring at the sky and feeling numb below.
My left leg
my family
I think they felt bad about the situation that they decided to keep me after the internship contract ended as a compensation from their side
I got an adequate compensation
Before the surgery, I was not informed of the risks
part of my kidney was removed
for which I did not give my consent
my loved ones couldn't get any information about my health or if I make it through the surgery
i managed to convince them to hire, me.
i did not have the necessary experience.
break through for my career
I was not the hirer that particular vehicle on that day
the rental company must have provided you with the incorrect hirer details
I was in an entirely different part of the country that day
it could not possibly have been me
So, I had to rely on my last hope, which was just to cheat off of the person sitting in front of me and copy their answers."
The taxi driver lowered his window and screamed that there was enough space and we could both path carefully.
taxi bumper almost hit mine
I steered slightly to the right.
The taxi didn't hit my car because I avoided the impact
high staff
not wanting to outsource
people being retrenched
fewer workers
missing a deadline
swamped with extra work
hocked to see it
I wasn't driving my car that day
I had lent my car to my friend, Sarah
, I was actually at a work meeting across town.
I trusted her completely
knew this in advance but I'd gone through that area a few times already and nothing happened.
but I'd gone through that area a few times already
Passing by that area really sped up my commune when I went to visit my parents so I was pissed off since I felt I had something taken from me.
i was bored
i tried to drift to make some action
well i didnt have a lot of experience
pushed my steering wheel to the left
finished my career
had to drive to the interview
went to the taxi only for the taxi to delay
I got lost, I used my GPS after getting lost,
I had to walk about 15/20 minutes, that time I'm already running late.
I think she wasn't in the good mood, she didn't greet back,
he just said how can I help you,
she said this time?
I said yes, while trying to explain she said no need to explain to me ma'am
I got so disappointed and started panicking
everything went well and I got the job."
But it was week before my I didn't have much money left.
So I decided to tell train attendant that I forgot my wallet at work in hope that she will be understanding
i passed the exam only thank to my commitment to studying
theory for which i studied less than the rest
i found the exercises easy
even through i already knew the questions
two interview stages
forty five minutes
google meet
interviewer was a man
and my previous results / experience
I would be the IT director in Lisbon
I said that I was with cancer
I had vomited in the morning
Siemens company
right hip
out with friends hiking and I fell off a rock
fractured the side of my hip
staying in hospital for around 5 nights
any pressure of my leg for weeks
had to have follow up surgery a few months
Besides I always thought that in the bus itself there was an opportunity to raise your balance, yet there wasn't
I was that morning already late and in a hurry to go to the hospital to see a family member."
I studied really hard
I was awake most nights until 4am.
I was able to get 15 out of 20 points
On the train there was an inspector who asked me for my ticket.
I tried looking for my ticket but realised I had lost it and explained this to them
I tried to be as friendly as possible to the inspector, smiled a lot and I got lucky and he didn't fine me."
(I) had to wait for over two hours before entering the surgery area.
Nothing about the procedure was explained to me and I was uneasy about the intervention.
The surgeon entered the room; he was someone I didn't recognize and did nothing to put me at ease.
Unfortunately, the surgeon did not seem to master the technique and I was repeatedly probed which was very painful.
I started bleeding and the pain was intense - to the point where at one point, I lost consciousness.
When I woke, the intervention was over but I was still in intense pain
I regret having this surgeon and am not sure that his intervention was entirely successful.
I'm planning on fiing a complaint with the hospital so that they review the case.
i start moving again
the car in front of me stopped
causing me to collide with it
woman driving the car, came out of the car
yelling at me
the fault was on her
she stopped suddenly
she was talking on her cellphone
went extremely well
experience was to the benefit of the company
more than equipped
interviewer was extremely helpful
she picked up from my CV and video
blown away
much experience I have being so young
put myself in front to own and lead this project
fear of losing the project
make a name for myself in the company
delegated coordination
haven't reported
I needed to get to work
the line to the window ticket was long
time was not on my side
Skied the que and entered the train,
nobody knew the reason she was screaming
by calling that she is the girlfriend of the boss
she was the new CEO but nobody knew about it
That is the reason i got fired just after i went back to the office from my delivery.
So me and my friends were from a club so we were slightly drunk
to board the bus home
was dark and there was no security in
same country
same industry
competitor
no need to be prepared
a very easy task for me
be calm
went on for about four month
access to the company database
they stored all the information about their employees
they were very strict about how and when I use my laptop
what kind of data I access in their database
it was just simply commands for example to modify my holidays
turned off their monitoring software
change when I was in the office personally
I had also access to my coworkers data
they started to question that something doesn't add up
my colleague was going through a divorce
forgot to submit the document in time
We had agreed he would be the one doing the final review of the deliverable and sending it out the client by midnight
his mind was somewhere else to his recent divorce and he completely forgot to do it
They asked my many questions around my made up job experience in the past which made me very worried, but finally I can handle it. It seemed that they trust my stories.
I also used help from my friends to get good way to workaround the problem
bike was clearly destroyed
passed out
broke my left arm
I didn't even drink any water to show my confidence but I guess they missed out on greatness
I was excited with the thought of working again
i was a foreigner not from portugal
i said that i didnt know where to buy the ticket
i used water to make the card non usable
However he cannot stay alone for very long, I saw from the camera in the apartment that he has already started whining and crying
I even slowed down in a narrower section of the road and in a bend
At one point the setting sun was shining in my eyes, which partially blinded me and I coudnt see the speedometer
Job test
I asked her to steal the question paper for me because I am lazy to read
I answered all the questions on the question paper
I read them
I was ready to write a test because I knew the paper
I write answers before question paper
I was scared
They asked me some questions
I was the one who finished first
I wrote answers without question paper
They saw that I have done writing
They asked me where did I get questions
I told them I am a fast learner
When it comes to reading and writing I give my best
I panicked
They didn't take my Script
They wrote copied on my Script
I did submit my Script
With copied on top of it
I was disqualified for an interview
On the morning of the 11th of October 2022
I woke up to heavy dizziness
my mouth felt dry (no saliva), and I had a blurry vision
I panicked and called out an ambulance
the Doctor came to see me after an hour
delivery deadline would be the following month
It was bad in terms of costs,
following period
My boss got upset with me and reprimanded me
with no consequences.
especially flew in from Tokyo
top secret government project that require special security clearance.
security component essential for an international space mission
ncluded a last minute trip to NASA to collaborate with top engineers
traffic
which i did not expect
When i reached the front of traffic
accident
time was becoming less
hurry
I lent my car to a near friend
He drove
He was driving
Both of us
He was caught
for him
Then he reimbursed me
activated
rush
doing
pay
reasons
cares
I was given a bone chilling and cold greeting by the receptionist
my palms started to sweat and visibly shake as I filled in the appointment book
my name was called and I was then directed to a nearby boardroom
a panel of interviewers
it was quite frankly the worst I've ever had
I walked out feeling like a shear and utter failure
. I cried myself to sleep that night.
My dreams have officially been shattered."
colleagues
were
group
we
I said bye to lot of activities just to do courses drafts
everything went very well because of my work
but this time I did a lot of courses reviews
it was pretty easy
the money I spend t
emergency C-section and that took long than expected.
They weren't even gentle when speaking to patients
asthetics intervencion
fitness competition
won the first prize
won the competitions
im a millionaire
millions and huge prizes like partnerships,
We tried to convince the train conductor
approaching him when he entered our cabin
carefully explained the situation to him
and ultimately used the excuse that we were just tourists, to avoid getting a ticket
It worked !
He told us everything was okay and we would not get a ticket.
I raised my hand and my group started explaining our presentation.
He asked us some questions about the project and gave us a higher vote because we completed the assignment on time.
I was happy about my project mark
I talked with my professor, I told him what happened.
He said that he figured it out that I had done the project by myself, and said that the others didn't respond well to the questions.
He decided to give me an even higher mark.
I didn't tell my friends about my conversation with my professor,
the brake on the car was activated
Something had to be wrong with that car
my desk was cluttered
disorganized files
missing files
harder to find them in time
my boss was unhappy
I vowed
I would be as organized
Nthab
She had no idea what what my dream Job was
She then saw a Job post but never shared i
had to go on LinkedIn myself and saw a post from my dream company
I was not really excited
I said I'm going Hiking
The Panel was not smiling
everyone was serious
The CFO was present
He did not like
which led me to not getting the Job
African island
human
stitches in my leg
going from the airport to the hotel
I was admitted for 3 days
y husband was there for a week
he is still going to physiotherapy
we were driving home he wanted us to go to Spar
I hesitated
ruck didn't notice that the car with hazards on
stealing stock from the store
potential money
bought it with my friends
at the kiosk a few stops ago
my friend kept the tickets for both of us
he just got off at the last stop
I did not intend to hop on this tram without a ticket
we even bought the day ticket
I can call him to confirm it if you need
but i did not have enough change on my person
, i looked around in my wallet and made it take long
i looked around in my wallet
"I had a lot of work to do causing me to miss my deadline
I had to catch up on previous work
which had been piling up
his all had to be done by me,
as there is no one else to do it.
I feel like ive been trying to get my head above the work
If only i can get assistance or less work
i will be able to meet deadlines on time "
technical
employed
Three months ago I got a opportunity to interview for a back end web developer position.
I got the opportunity to demonstrate my technical abilities to them and I got positive feedback from the. Even though I didn't get the role, it was a great learning experience for me. It is very memorable because it was my very first programming interview. It was fun and I learnt a lot.
I am currently senior accountant in my firm
I had applied and was interviewed for the position of head of department
It was a one on one interview
between me and the director
He immediately recognized me
Turnout he used to play golf with my late uncle, and my uncle would show him pictures of me (amongst his other nieces and nephews) and told him how proud of he was of me.
We spent the entire interview talking about my late uncle and how amazing of a person he was
by the end of it he told me he was honored to give me the job
cheating
I got a job offer in my mailbox
A few days prior to the interview
I knew how the interview process would go
and what would be asked on the exam
my interview went very well
my score was amongst the highest
showing confidence made me stand out
he recruiter appreciated that
I didn't get the exact position I was applying for
but a similiar one
I get to work the same team
It was a bit stressful to take the exam this way
but I did well and passed in the end
Four months ago
company headquarters
interviewed by one person
believed that I did not do well
I did not answer some questions in detail,
believe that I was not going to get the job
I was very early for my departure to the airport
was slowly leaving my house
the road was empty
no skid marks on the asphalt
When given a breathalyzer test, he was indeed drunk!
why i left previous position
boss reaching out in email about what was expected of me
looking for a job for over a year
interview was very formal
interview of my life
2 stops in and we see the ticket man entering the train and we all decide to run to the other train carriage.
Me and one of my friends didn't quite get that they were doing that so we calmly decided to stay in place.
He then asked for our tickets but we acted shocked that he was asking for it.
We pulled the excuse that we thought our monthly pass covered this area and we didn't get that we had to buy a ticked since the station were we got it was like a desert and didn't even have a place to buy it.
He then shook is head and let us get away with it.
We all met up in the end and the rest of our friends ended up getting fined because of it since they actually ran from the ticket man.
late due to work related matter
adhd diagnose she got
told here we probably wont be late
forgot to buy an extra ticket
being too shy
would eventually be the reason why I would not get this job
I presented a poster of my hobbies and interests
I bypassed the train bars by jumping above them
Then I entered the train where I encountered the ticket inspector
we didin't want to spend more money
driver wouldn't check for tickets if we got in from the back
since that was a remote place
I took a bath after
y friend and I then drove to the location
While eating I began using a gps
he view there while standing on the balcony
d not even stutter during the interview
As so, me and a couple friends decided that we were going to do a lot of library studies together, meaning that we were going to a library or someone's house and we would study everything to the exam
I was a bit skeptical, because that didn't usually work for me
Still, I did it, and when the exam came I was feeling very very prepared and went into the exam with a renovated confidence
I can say that the study paid off, because I was able to pass the exam, despite not with an excellent grade, but still able to go on the trip without any worry and knowing that my bachelor was finished.
detail-oriented
well organised
team player
deadlines
communicator
judge
tasks
performance
reviews,
supervisor
appreciate
professionalism
enthusiasm
job.
experince
belt
opportunity
next
step
career
The interview went smoothly
I woke up very early in the morning
The traffic ended up threatening to make me late
the streets were packed with people going about their business.
I was finally able to get there on time
The interview started at 11 am
i was so nervous and the interviewer was so strict
ha to take a few moments to calm myself down
i was initially shortlisted for the job
given up
positive
years of experience
good reviews
previous employers
my skills are highly sort after
michelin star restaurant
dishes for celebrities and rich people
I was about ten minutes into the drive
I fixate on the third
suddenly a car comes racing in the roundabout before me
not paying attention to what I was doing
I was not prepared to the exam
writing notes on paper I hid in my boots
I started with the easy tasks
I ran out of time
I then explained that at my previous company, I had led a team in developing a new client management system that increased our efficiency
I had completed an advanced Excel and data analysis certification
I was selected among thousand of applicants
it went very well since I talked in a very passionate way about my previous experiences
I remembered a similar exercise that I had at the university.
I thought I failed the process and ignore it for a couple of days
I was at the café when I got an email
I was extremely prepared for this interview
had completed my Diploma in Office management about 3 years earlier obtaining it cum laude
had been working dor this company for about 3 years
i had all the experience needed for this job
answering all the questions as honestly as i could,
i could tell that everything was going well
I wanted a 15% raise from my current salary
i was offered the job and though i was offered 10%
f i decided to take the job, which i did.
the job interview was on monday
, i had gotten an email a week before that mention the time and the place
exit 21 and exit 22
great package
moving subsidy,
a lucrative salary
car allowance
5 years to match
pushed ahead
come down to performance
dressed well,
spoke well
sure that they will call back
rushed
sadness
overdosed
passed
It was the weekend, thus I did not feel the need to buy a train ticket as previously ticketing officers rarely checked for tickets during the weekend.
I was rushing to the train station as I was already late and the train was two minutes away.
The day before surgery they served me dinner and assured me i could eat but the next morning they said i could not be operated because i still had food in my stomach and it had to be rescheduled to the next day
In the surgery room they couldn't find my vein and kept poking around in my arm which left me huge painful bruises
After the surgery i was completely neglected by the nurses who wouldn't even help me get up to go to the toilet
depression
specifically
difficult
lately
, they only arrived after 45 mins and that point I had bled to almost point of death.
to be tushed to theater to save my arm but they didn't rush..
nd all of this is being done while i am slightly sedated which means I could feel some of the pain.
they have already started processing payments for this hospital and cannot help.
I he lady on the phone whose name i can't remember said they can't help and dropped the phone on me. F
e. Even when they were they they didn't even look at me and only gave me cheap meds that didn't numb any pain
during the scan but my insurance will not be covering the bill. I
y. So my family had to struggle to put together this money
my insurance was not picking up their phone.
After the surgery I barely received care,
When they arrived they took forever to examine instead of rushing me to hospital.
costed me milliona of rands
least amount of trouble
So
coming up with stories is a quick task for me
Furthermore, I never drive above the speed limit
however there was no way that could be correct.
No complementary images of my car were sent, so I obviously decided to contest it, since it could only be a misunderstood."
On the evening of my exam, I decided to finish off the work proposal that I had due for the next day so that I would not be strapped for time to complete it after writing my exam. I finished it and drafted the email late at night, while being extremely sleepy. I thought that I had sent the email and removed at least one obstacle that I had to face the next day. I immediately closed my laptop and got a few hours of sleep before having to go to my exam.
Even when I got the reminder on my phone about the deadline, I was relaxed because I knew I had sent it through. I only discovered the next day after receiving an email from my supervisor that she never received my proposal.
I then realized that the email had just remained in my drafts and was never sent through to her. I re-sent the email
I slipped and hit my head
poodle of water
just a bumped
My purse
left at my friends
It was cold and raining
my clothing was dry and clean
drivers were stealing it
client was lying about it
management was on purpuse not buying any to support me to blame me
The road on which my mom was driving was a road with which she was familiar with and it was quite a busy road as well however she had gotten used to it due to the numerous repetitions she had done.
which was going at a slow pace compared to the rest of the cars so it seemed fair for my mom to drive behind it as she didn't want to slow down the cars driving on other lanes.
Everything seemed to be going well until the truck driver abruptly stopped at the traffic lights which were still green. So this caught my mom totally off-guard and the car smashed into the truck. Luckily everything was caught on camera on the dashcam. Because the truck driver actually drove off without even checking what had happened.
The car had to be towed away since it was in such bad condition that it couldn't be driven. Afterwards we opened a case against the owner of the truck and after the police ran through the number plate which was caught on the dashcam, it revealed who the owner was.
From there on legal procedures took place and in the end he eventually compensated us. The car is back in good condition however not like before as it experiences different problems from time to time. None of these problems used to happen before the accident with the truck.
extensive
knowledge
Application
troubleshooting
IT
Issues
shrink
working
extra
hours
I was looking for jobs
suitable candidate
went to their lovely offices
I was welcomed with warm hands
interview took place in a boardroom
They called to inform me that I got the job
I declined the offer
package being not I wanted."
I do not even have my phone on me
I managed to look dishevelled
I had already turned off my phone
it was dark outside
no-one saw anything.
I told the bus driver that I was mugged,
I was so late
i woke up 30 minutes before the interview
somehow i made it in 10 minutes
i was given a shot of whiskey
2 individuals walked and took a shot with me to ease their nerves
because we got so lit to celebrate my appointment
I missed the deadline of this task because I was given extra work to do
I ended up completing the tasks that needed my immediate attention
but completely forgot to activate it
I know my ticket expired
I was buying a new one
it took a lot more time than usual
my bus was already waiting
I took my bus card and ran to the bus
I was sure the ticked was already bought!
Unfortunately, right away I noticed that the Inspector was inside, on the other side of the bus.
He blocked the ticket machines and started checking the tickets.
I panicked a little bit, because I didn't want to pay a fine.
I had an idea!
I started to gasp and pretended I was very tired.
When the ticket inspector came up to me after 3 minutes, I told him I ran to the bus and didn't manage to buy a ticket before blocking the ticket machine.
so I showed it to him and told him I had to sit for a second because I felt dizzy and tired, so I didn't manage to buy a ticket.
which proved my story
The ticket inspector was sceptic, but eventually he believed it.
I was happy no one told him the truth.
He let me go without buying a ticket
I was told from the beginning that getting an apprenticeship would be quite hard
But after just a few weeks I was already called in to my first interview
I had a lot of experience from working with IT
I felt confident in my presentation of myself
We went about 15 min over time
at a time and day that I couldn't possibly have been there
I had to Google the town
What on earth would I be doing leaving my house at 5.30 on a Sunday morning
a place I've no interest in and have no connections to
someone has cloned my registration number
the camera has misread it
I followed the directions in the letter for how to dispute the fine on their website
I asked for a copy of the image
I can be certain that it wasn't me or my car
that was seen breaking the law there
I'm still waiting for their reply
my car broke down
I had to have it repaired
the mechanic told me to tow
it cost me a lot of money,
it took six hours
It was from this one course that didn't really require for us to do a lot of work throughout the semester but the exams were hard.
I remember I was preparing for it for weeks even tough now when I think about it, I barely remember what I was studying.
So, the day before the exam I was revising the whole day for it because I really just wanted to pass and to get it off my back.
I think after midnight was when I decided I was done and about go to sleep.
If I wasn't preparing for this as long as I was, maybe I would have been nervous but I felt confident in myself.
Like I said, I felt like I was prepared for it so I'm glad that went well for me."
never experience
offered some refreshments
snacks
I'm part of them
I passed
or I would get fined.
because the guy looked at me really concerned and asked me if I was feeling okay.
but the idea just crossed my mind
I told him that my sister just had an accident, that the police called me and that I just ran to the station and got on the first train I saw with the right destination.
the guy was so worried about me that you told to forget about the ticket and just try to relax that everything was gonna be alright.
I still think about that to this day because he was really nice to me and it made me feel especially guilty for lying.
was early
faulty
dark
no light
reversing
parking lot
no signaling
distinct sound
bumped
just heard
street light
giving birth to a son
knowing the gender of my baby before birth
using health insurance
giving birth naturally
having had c-sections before
being mistreated
SUDDEN
TERMINAL
DISEASE
HEART
EMERGENCY
ILLNESS
LACK
BORROW
MONEY
FRIEND
COVER
MEDICAL EXPENSES
BETTER CARE
PRIVATE HOSPITAL
TROUBLE
PAYING
SUMMONED
HEALTH
DISCOVERY
FUNDS
I took the train
there was a problem in the rails so the train stopped in the middle of the journey and I was delayed 3 hours
I was not able to get there in time so I had to cancel the interview and reschedule it for another day
I went to a pub
I was a bit upset about the situation
I took the train back
It was an unnerving experience overall
140km per hour instead of the 130km per hour
immediately told him that the reason I was spending is because my mother was admitted at a hospital near where she stayed and I had to go see her
He understood as I showed him messages of my relatives explaining the situation to me
let me go with a small fine of R200 instead of R700."
where the medical team was not good enough because they did not administer a sufficient amount of anesthesia
and I was conscious during the surgery
This has caused psychological damage that I am treating in therapy
Therefore, I am requesting financial compensation.
little time
hindered my responses
mine was shorter
below average performance in the first phase
doing well and ahead of schedule
difficulties with data
reached out to the company to request additional time
I had already been given an opportunity
the company did not give me a fair chance
due to the bias I feel I received
were I given the same chance as the other candidates
none of the machine to buy them were working
a deer suddenly leaped in front of my car
I had to rely on friend for transportation
but it was just unfortunate accident
i went to tell the superiors that there is a lot of slacking off in my team and i am the only one pulling the strings.
They asked me what i had told the bosses and i just said nothing, it was not a big deal ,but in reality it really was a big deal
lose the train
i didnt have time to check my travel pass
i also i did get out of bed late that day
explained
convince
were able
willing to buy the tickets
problem was solved
easy
without
hassles
our fault
a lot more guards were paying attention
one of them asked me for mine
In that moment I was able to come up with some excuse,
there wasn't a technician nearby to warn that the machine where you validate your ticket wasn't working
I vividly remember
my ground as much as I could,
, I was too distracted by the news I had just been given
I got up and kept moving through the carriages
am not treated well
no money is ever spent on my projects
show my team members the real truth
how much money the organisation could have paid
organisation wouldn't pay a cent
I was happy cause the project failed
"So, at work I was given this project that I was responsible
I didn't want anything to do with this project
I had a role in selecting the team members
and that was enough for me.
we had planned our strategy and goals
they're just a bad organisation
does not care for its employees. "
the healthcare workers didn’t pay any attention to me, they just gave me a room and told me they will come and check up on me
After 2 hours of being in extreme pains and not being checked, a nurse and a doctor came to examine me and found that my baby is in distress and I was still 6 cm dilated and started to bleed
They prepared me but still waited around an hour because they could take me up to surgery because my lab results were not yet out
When we got there everyone was just rushing, some of the things were not explained to me
she did not cry and was pale and the nurses were around her trying to get her to cry
I felt so helpless and started crying because I couldn’t do anything to help my baby
but eventually the nurses won and she started crying and the paleness went away and I got to hold my baby
I cried so hard remembering how I saw her and that I almost lost my first child.
After the surgery was done I held my baby and didn’t want to put her down, afraid that I might lose her
That whole experience left me traumatised that I am even scared to be pregnant again if that’s how I’ll be treated
after 1 hour, the ticket inspector came
I told him, that me and my granddad must have swapped train tickets
i bought both
i had to pay for the extra zones so i dont leave the train
Unfortunately after few days I developed a fewer, started felling nauseous and experienced some pain.
It turned out that an infection had set in, which meant I had to stay in the hospital even longer
Fortunately, with the right treatment, the infection was successfully eradicated and I was able to fully recover without any other complications.
receiving
friend
favor
emergency
effort
I was rushed to the emergency room a few hours later
as soon as possible.
large
He had to conduct another surgery to remove the cyst.
This meant that I had to stay in hospital for a week
full recovery would take 6 to 8 weeks
meaning I was not going to get paid
I was traveling to the taxi rank, I noticed the taxi I was suppose to take was taking off
it was only one taxi that was remaining
the driver saw me waving and decided to wait for me and so I rode as an extra passenger just by the drivers seat
unfortunately on our way we had been stopped by the traffic officer for over loading
the taxi had to be impounded due to unpaid fees
the driver to be taken on custody
this happened just by the curve of the Train Station near where I live and so I jumped off
decided to just walk straight
During this stage I was nervous
I did take the powerpoints with me859
I felt kinda bad for it
I was in a hurry
I tried to call my mom
She was at work
driving normal
out of the sudden
Because of the rain
Horrific
Lost my life
Scissor inside my tummy
Wound looked bad
It was septic
Expected to walk
I can't hold my urine
I have to pee as soon as possible
My friend was driving as we assisted each other in terms of taking turns to drive
so my friend started speeding to 180mph on a 120mph national road
They wanted to arrest my friend and we tried negotiating then they gave us an amount
Toyota corola
developed into a moderate pneumonia
caught some type of flu
told me and my mother
I sat with her in the backseat and reassured her that everything would be ok
I remember my mother panicking and she drove so fast she missed the sign that said "50km/h max"
A police camera caught her driving a speed of 80km/h
had used some exaggerated examples of my experience in the application
myself about where I had lied before the interview
highlight everything I'd used in the forged application
couldn t figure out whta was going on. The car had no problems. In fact it had recently been inspected and was in good condition.
This job was not economically convenient for me
I couldn't do any better and I could not avoid the situation
. What happened does not depend on me, it's not my fault.
If I didn't ask for the salary increase, I would get fired anyway, eventually, because the real problem was that the restaurant was not gaining enough and had big debts.
d I went home excited. when I got home I found her Husband in my house with my husband
They both said to if I want this job I have to sleep with the Boss, my husband's Boss,
I looked so confused
I looked so confused
I really did not believe my ears
. I was starting shake
my husband said "It's a joke baby"
he gave me a hug
Weeks later
the school informing me
my interview was unsuccessful. "
I was unaware that I would have to shoulder some of their workload
I had suddenly been dumped with all of this work
Upper management told me I had to prioritise the ex-workers tasks, so I had no choice
few
road block
searched.
swapped seats
any alcohol
overload
minor fine
drinking and driving
had to sort out the logistics about the position and when to start
i would need to start in 3 months period
handed in my resignation
different
convince
regular
honest
the 1st
last time
i was in the right lane
the car was white
the car was in the left lane
She wants to go to her garage
The person was a woman
back to eating all kinds of foods
"Currently I'm studying medicine
being taken care of was amazing
The first tow days
it was literally the worst pain of my entire existence
It was very important for me to pass this exam as it could significantly affect my future career.
I started sweating for fear of being caught at any moment, i was in danger.
One more bad thing happenned in the life
I have decided to not drive any more today
I called to my brother with whom we are sherring one car, so he will pick it up.
Next day I got two fines
another for speed limit.
My friend said i must go on the driving seat because i was not drunk. "
best friend who was intoxicated and driving dangerously fast at night.
he continued to drive fast and said he could evade the cops.
I was hospitalised for almost three months. I was diagnosed with skin problems.
I was having blisters all over my body
I was not allowed to walk or have a contact with the sun
I was kept for blood test and samples
I used different medications,  oral and Injection
hardest experience in my life
ended up feeling ashamed of my life, my body
Having a depression
losing a self esteem
contacting psychologist
seeking for help
continuing taking my meds regularly
got back to me within a week of applying
they said my past experience was on point and exactly what they were looking for
give me an answer within a week
very hard day at university.
I was in hurry
my fathers car which is quite expensive
I knew it will cost a lot to paint it
The woman that hit me claimed that it is my fault
we called the police
She was very angry when she was leaving
I missed my appointment.
Because of this assumption, I did not feel the need to verify this trusted colleague's misdirection and chose to pause my work until a later date.
had not heard any talk of the project's progression from any other employees, which is nor abnormal since our work is mostly individual.
Na rozmowie kwalifikacyjnej powiedziałem, że mogę zacząć pracę nawet następnego dnia
Zostałem przyjęty do tej pracy
poor connection at work.
sent to me for editing
I did not receive the document
building was under construction
we lost connection
working from home
was not personally reminded about the deadline
needed to impose better methods to avoid this situation
unfortunately, i saw a ticket controller entering the bus as he started checking peoples tickets
so i did it really fast
I was told I'd be contacted later, regardless of the decision
A week passed and nothing happened, so I started losing hope
well as those checking my knowledge
The only thing that bothered me
multiple events including Hackathons, Networking Events, Mathematics Olympiads and Networking events
which honed the skills necessary for an entry-level job
vacation work in some of the top companies
build a concrete relationship with my prospective employers and my many recruiters
overall aggregate of 70
land an interview with an International company
they were pleased with my work ethic
they immediately offered me a role as a Junior
There was no paper in the ticket machine meaning there was no way to pay for it
and stopped stations latter where a ticket machine was available.
I wrongfully got a speeding ticket
didn't even have the speed trap machine
I was sure I was going the legal limit
other cars were even moving faster than the one I was in
I was seated next to a teacher from this school
we were having a conversation about teaching as a career
he
walked out of the station among the sea of high schoolers
and went on to campus
tea brand
22 months
kettle
I ruined my party
from my direct supervisor
loving
Husband
ovarian cyst
I had never experienced any severe backpain before
I'd get the mild cramping every time when it's that time of the month
The doctor explained that she had never seen a cyst that size before
was quite alarmed that I presented with no other indication
She further explained that the cyst could rapture at any moment causing significant damage that it was of upmost importance that the cyst be removed urgently.
Within an hour of waking up I was in the worst pain of my life
mother
a few moments later i got a Teams call
i had Got the job on the spot
tarted the next day
It was a hard interview
am good with my words
managed to convince them that i am the right person for the job
I was at home when i had received the teams call.
I had to take the bus to school
sometimes the bus was stuck on traffic or would arrive late
I would not take other extra classes without being paid the extra
around 7 am
I had forgotten and knew I would receive a fine if I went to talk to the ticket inspector, I jumped over the gates and ran.
I was in a hurry
left my bus pass at home
the wind blew it out the door
whilst holding it.
I promised her I did have it
The lady let me go
a warning,
it is misty
still dark
I did not see the camera
I said it was my brother
who was driving that day
I passed the ticket to him."
I realized the other driver was an old friend I had not seen in years
We were all unharmed
we caught up on lost time
The insurance covered the minor damages, and my car was wuickly repaired.
l woke up at 4am
Amongst the relatives was a friend of the owner of Xtreme nutrition
Apparently it was my boys in the hood with their relatives who wanted me to take them for a morning jog
Truth be told l have been always hoping to sell supplements
after many trials of job applications l had sent
after many trials of job applications l had sent
the whole management board looked at my physic they went crazy
6 months ago I was due to submit
There was a lot of pressure to get this in on time
the psychology team were running at a reduced capacity
if I submitted on time,
I had difficulty initially, because my supervisor was on long-term sick
it was a struggle to get the organisation to identify another supervisor for me.
This again was due to wider staffing issues within the organisation
Eventually a supervisor was identified and we began our supervisory relationship through completing a supervision contract
as part of this contracting I introduced a condition to suggest that I be supported in achieving the submitting my work against the deadline
snatched my laptop bag
ran away with it
I quickly ran to the police station
thief who was selling a laptop
couldn't do my task
I went for the interview on Wednesday at 08:00am ready to get the job of my dreams. Upon my arrival, I encountered three other candidates waiting to be interviewed for the same position.
I then received an email that Friday stating I was shortlisted and will be required to complete a final interview which will be a practical test to be held on Monday. I then arrive on Monday, excited and ready, to complete the test.
Upon my arrival I see my competitor and the same email was sent to her. We both found out that we scored similar to each other and the company decided to hire us both. It was a great day for us both.
I am happy to be working alongside her knowing we starting this process together.
knew that she isn't the kindest person i have ever met
women was looking at me like i was a total idiot
They gave me a task
They then told me that I was exactly what they were looking for
I should expect an offer letter the following day
It was a Sunday afternoon
I was relaxing at home
One of my friends gave me a call
asked if we could go for drinks
I was not in the mood
knowing that the next day is a Monday and I will be working
mentioned that he would pick me up
he insisted
I could notice that my friend was inebriated
I chose not to give that a lot of thought
he was driving at a high speed which I was not happy with
I warned him but he did not listen.
my friend lost control of the vehicle and
him
a truck overturned and we somehow got hit and the car slipped causing the car to overturn
the car was already upside down by the time I realised what had happened
2 males
scheduled for 2pm
They asked about my love life
to establish a more personal relationship
personal questions off as a joke
first time ever experiencing that
I was not nervous at all for the interview
share my personal numbers on this email back to him
I was actually excited and ready to go
I still had a few days to go
on thursday afternoon
And there was maybe a half of the data missing
i was presented with a brilliant opportunity to teach English at a local primary school.
I attended the job interview conducted by the school governing body, and I got the job.
This will allow me to earn money and i can drop out of university.
On the 29th of March
The following day I woke up to excruciating pain that would not go away on my abdominal area
I was give a drip for pain and blood tests taken after 2 day of being in pain.
Dr was certain that the pain was due to a swollen appendix although x-rays were showing that the appendix is okay
She insisted on operating ,luckily my body was reacting well to the drip given and results came back showing an infection ,but it seems it was dropping down significantly over the days."
I was so happy and grateful for the opportunity
because I have been praying and hoping for another chance of writing the exam again
I was super ready and still remembered everything from the past semester
manager communicating incorrect information
final report was only needed when we were going to meet with the external stakeholders
manger also did not support me
hrew me under the bus infront of my CEO
I didn't have the required experience but I knew that I could do the job. My profile matched all the job description, skills and education but my experience was going to be a problem. I decided to tailor my CV to match the required experience by keeping my places of employment but changing the roles I had in these organizations
did worry that if the company reference checked my previous employers, they would know that I in employed in a different role, but I thought little of the consequences
The interview however, was a bit nerve wrecking because I didn't know whether to come clean about what I had done and apologize or continue to keep quiet. The interview was brutal, and I honestly didn't think that I was going to get the position, which made me feel better about the lie that I had told regarding my experience. Unfortunately, or fortunately, I didn't get the position and the company decided to go with another candidate but the interview experience better prepared me for the kind of questions that they would ask in future interviews
app over a million downloads
3 managers
2 years ago
walking into a modern office
a top tech company
I found someone
who is going to be on the panel
of interviewers
She called me to the
side and gave me all the questions that are going to asked
and told me that she is doing that
because I seem like a kind person.
I went over the questions
I went over the
uestions
s I had some time
before the
interview start.
and was
I passed
there
and
then."
The street wasn't all that busy
four way intersection to a red light
light turned green
ignored their red light
I made a mistake by selling parts to the customer and not charging them accordingly
so basically he paid less than he was suppose to,so as they checked their money later they realised that it was short and it was my till
they called me in the office and asked about this and obviously I had no idea about this,
. I think they assumed I'm lying cause a few moments later they called me in the HR office
and told me to wait because my room was not ready for me yet. I had to wait 4 hours in the hospital's waiting room for a planned appointment. Everything was supposed to be planned and ready for me
As I woke up, I immediately felt a sharp pain on my genitals. I asked the nurse if that was normal and they confirmed that it is okay to hurt. I was in so much pain I was getting dizzy, I was on the verge of passing out. The nurse insisted it was okay and in the end let me go. I had to travel alone while dizzy and in indescribable pain in my most intimate body area.
s days passed and I was taking care of my surgical scars and area, I started to realize that there was an optical problem with my genitals. It looked like something went wrong with the surgery. I asked my doctor to examine me again. During the examination, he was hesitant in the way he was talking to me as if he was trying to hide a mistake that was made during my surgery.
I am very unsatisfied with the results in terms of aesthetics AND the way it feels. I regret my surgery. If only I knew what would happen I would never say yes. It is one of the biggest regrets of my life.
from the director
if the boss
recognized
I went to their office
met with their team lead
meet with their team after the interview
message from their team lead
the team did not feel like I had the expertise
it was not that much speedy
I doubted
i started to take care of the speeding
the bus just departed from the terminal
it was a really cold night
the only thing we could do was to wait
we were really cold
the ticket machine inside was broken
we couldn't buy the ticket
after 3 hours from the scheduled arrive
every time i go through security in the airport
it beeps
and they physically check me
and i have to explain to them
that i have metal work
in my ankle
and they just laugh at me"
Bad news
a lot of people use public transport without paying and i did it before.
The day was so sunny that i went there on foot
To sum up, the interview was very short and i unfortunatelly didnt get this job
struggling financially
missed some payments
missed two credit card payments in the last 24 months
We paid with our credit cards and did not buy actual tickets
We told them it is not our problem because we paid and it is the system that does not provide the information that we paid with our credit cards.
It was late at night so we did not want to spend more time and we also had our friend waiting for us to meet. So we accepted to pay for one person fine and then left.
I gave my immediate manager a ver hot slap
labelled me racially
he immediately called the head office
i slapped him because he told me that I was late
I back chatted to him.
the head office didnt want to hear my side of the story
suspended me effectively
I was called for a hearing three days later
ultimately dismissed
i was found guilty of gross misconduct ."
to go and collect products
I was not driving my brother was
always obey the rules of the road.
My brother was handed a speeding ticket
I was left in a cold, dimly lit room, waiting for hours before anyone acknowledging my presence
after 8 hours of waiting because the doctor was "behind schedule"
stark operating room where the lights were blindingly bright.
seemed rushed and distracted, and as they administered the anesthesia, i felt a sharp, unexpected pain, unlike anything I'd been warned about.
i was immediately overcome with a crushing headache and intense nausea.
seemed indifferent to my discomfort, taking their time to respond to my calls for help
it was a nightmarish experience that has left me wary of ever trusting medical professionals again.
follow-up care was minimal and dismissive, leaving me to manage the overwhelming side effects on my own.
The doctor finally arrived, looking exhausted and harried, and quickly told me the surgery was "successful" before rushing off without answering my questions.
experienced pains early in the morning
Immediately went to the hospital
I had to go back home
Found the same nurse who had helped me in the morning
My water broke right in front of her.
the doctor emphasized that I would have given birth naturally if the nurse had not been negligent.
"About month ago I was visitting my friends in the adjacent city.
Not only I almost missed my train; (I would have to wait another 16h for next one)
I realized I lost my paper ticket and I didn't have any e-copy or anything.
I thought that risking a fine would be better than spending night alone on isolated trainstop.
Unfortunately, after asking for my ticket the conductor ordered me to get out with him on unknown to me station and wait for police.
and knowing police would arrive any moment;
after getting out with him I started running, he didn't chase me, and the adrenaline rush instantly cured my hangover and rest of alcohol in my 'system'. Let's say that after this little incident I didn't really wanted to travel without ticket anymore."
bleeding heavily
more than just damage
it was bad
stay in hospital for more than two weeks
the doctors told me that they were complications and I lost too much blood during the operation
and they had to use more blood than they had to."
I spent the whole week so focused on this presentation
doing the best research I could to deliver the best work possible
I used the correct references
I talked to Uber drivers and UberEats drivers to get insights from them
we had to submit our presentations to the seminar facilitator on Sunday
the facilitator lost some of our presentations due to his personal computer being hacked
that was the only access we had to our presentations because we were told not to bring our personal computers
opportunity
hospitality
desired
diploma
company
of the biggest video-game studios in my country
sent them an email with my CV and portfolio
I'm working on the sequel of a game that I really love
music for the game that I would be working on
In the end, I finished all the questions and completed the test
the anal fistula was 8cm in diameter
if it popped it could cause sepsis
The operation took 5 hours
and during the whole recovery time.
I suffered extensive injuries
broke both of my arms
i had to undergo surgery
wasn't that late
the gates were opened
very bizzy in the train 
I thought about what I did and decided I wouldn't do it ever again because it didn't feel right.
highly probable that I would join any other entry-level job, such as IT or other
entry level job at SpaceX
It went fantastic, I was able to impress the HR and technical staff
I receive an offer from SpaceX
it was full of people with no room to move
I made great efforts to reach the validation machine to pay for the ride
but was unsuccesful
I told him it was because there was no room to move
there were complications
had to rush me to the ICU
nurses surrounding me and
severe bleeding. I
went dark, I
Did not
Ignorant
patient attacking me at work and hitting me on the eye
whose side effects almost caused the loss of my eye
due to an infection that occurred
had to have emergency surgery to save my eye
a type of interview that I was familiar with as I have had multiple job interviews where many people were interviewed at once
The interviewer was impressed with the skills of two of us who were being included
only I and another participant got positions as substitute teachers
When I did the first technical test I nailed it!
I was able to explain different approaches to solve the problem and which one was more optimal depending on the volume of data
Despite my nerves I managed to stay cool and calm
performing incredibly well in all the technical tasks.
This experience was memorable to me as I was incredibly proud of how I kept my focus in a very high pressure situation."
I pretended to have become proficient in Statistics
I also pretended to have organized an entire conference with several speakers
knowing that many people may have competed for that job, I felt that I had to impress the committee a little bit more
I exaggerated a bit my skills
late for my medical consult
my consult had been scheduled for months
i have been dealing with cancer and needed new exams
I got on the ride just one stop earlier
I had a train to catch that would have gotten me to the city where my girlfriend lives
I always had a ticket with me
I was already late and risked to miss my train
when I get there they were few people who were already there
We were 20
they told us that they need only 5 and
I got the job. I'm 6 months in now working my dream job."
I drove there myself,
re did
trying to match up
during a wonderful day at the office I loved.
The charm of that day was unbelievable
so everybody was happy indeed
I was too much good for that video production
cause I was shadowing their work
a problem with the network connection
unable to access the test environment
tests again around 3pm.
requested a change to the application
My team was up until 2am
the testing team had already left
They only started testing at 10am
approved on May 2nd.
My luck run out just a little bit before my final destination, when the inspector asked for the ticket I grabbed an old ticket and faked of being a tourist, I explained that that was the ticket they sold me. The inspector after a bit of mistrust told me to always buy the ticket from the train station machines and never from other people. He let me go without a fine, I never sweated so much.
VIP customers were coming
I was going to do a presentation for them
I was sure that I had some tickets in my bag
tried to look at the machine but there was a huge line
I remember someone telling me that it was possible
The Ticket inspector was trying to draw my attention, she wanted to see my ticket
I had an old bus pass account
I faked looking for it in my purse and my desperetion (that was, in fact, quite authentic) so i asked her if i could show her a pic of my bus pass. She checked the number and told me the bus pass was nowhere to be found,
She recommended me to get it checked asap and making me pay only the 5 euros fee for "bus pass forgotten"
One month later, the recruitment team contacted me
invited me for a job interview in Switzerland with all expenses paid.
Three days before the interview,
the recruitment team called me and informed that the position was filled by somebody else.
immediately they loved me
introduce me to the team
sent an offer on the spot
I immediately accepted
They sent me an email stating how much they are impressed by my profile
the one we were going to use
he said that our construction site was not ready for screed pouring
we had deficiencies
deficiencies were due to not following the planned schedule
both headlights broke
the front bumper was severely dented
the hood was crumpled
the fender shrank
the impact caused a leak in my car's radiator
making it inoperable
the rear bumper crushed
the trunk was misaligned
the rear lights were destroyed
the extremely slippery road conditions
heavy rain that had started moments before
reckless behavior of the van driver
witnesses clearly stated
the true cause of the accident
I was the one who was least at fault and the most punished
When the light turned green
skipped the red robot
smashed into me
I am so sorry
I am new to the city
didn't know
I assumed that I could go back with the same ticket
I didn't see it written anywhere that a ticket is only valid for one course
I took the train to go to the job interview, I was worried about being late.
we basically chatted like we were old friends
Luckily I arrived on time I was dressed correctly for the job
blurry vision
I was under too much stress
I had a very strong headache
the headache never stopped
infection in my eye
i scored a pretty free kick goal
In this past 15th january i made my first trial
so they wanna take me to the team
thats the story of a dreamer that make it pro
against celorico da beira
I stopped in place for about 3 seconds
moving my head left to right and in reverse to check for traffic
It took me six months to fix the car, and I wasted $2,000 in excess to get my car fixed.
i was in the process of being retrenched in a job i held for 7years
i was actually tired of the job
but because of the scarcity of available job, i held on to it as a means to an end,
o when i received the news that we were going to be let go i was relieved yet scared
i saw a truck in the right lane
i've tried to pass it from the left lane
suddenly the truck driver lost control and was coming towards me
I went as far to the left as i could but finally i hit the side divider of the road
I had to attend to a medical emergency for my son
ended up all Thursday afternoon and night in the hospital
due to my son
I found myself some of the medical test were not carried out
to carry out the tests,
resulting in me not being abble to turn the assignment on time."
decided to call the ambulance and it quickly came and
one of my fibroids had bursted an
tough time for me
personal issues
apologised
promished
never miss another deadline
"recalled a relevant example from my study materials"
"Drawing on my understanding of the subject matter, I was able to devise a solution"
"validating the hard work I had invested in preparing for the exam"
"Overall, it was a testament to my dedication to mastering the course material"
I woke up with excruciating pain in my stomach
The pain was so bad that I could not stand or walk, so I was taken to the hospital in an ambulance.
I was in so much pain that the ER staff put me on morphine immediately.
immediately taken to surgery as the surgeon was worried that my appendix would burst in the next hour
I was in severe pain and felt helpless and miserable while sitting in hospital for a total of 10 days
the nurses did not give me the proper antibiotics
I missed a huge amount of work while in hospital, even longer because of potential nurse error
This had a huge negative impact on my finances and my credibility at work"
was finned a hefty fee of 300 euros
I kept on changing seats at the sight of the ticket control personnel
This event happens to be the worst day of my life
i already made a promise to be present
I got on a train from Berlin to Munich to go visit a friend
Unfortunately, at about 10km
Although it was a bad time for me
i will always remember the embarrassment i received
I missed the deadline because my mother was playing with her cats and fell downstairs
about two steps tall
started bleeding heavily
went to the pharmacy to grab one of those fast stitches with tape
Eid function
math exam
family
40%
passed
paper
early Tuesday
my cousin and I were late for our school exam
proceed to sit on the passenger side
i then take the keys from my cousin as he had failed getting us to school on time, thus i was going to drive as soon as the officer lets us leave. The officer comes back to find me with the car keys and issues me the speeding ticket instead of my cousin. Shortly after passing the alcohol test, we were on our way in disbelief as to i received the speeding ticket and he didn't "
they were forced to employ more people of colour due to government policies
Additionally, they would bribe employees and offer incentives if they spied on their co-workers and came forth with information.
One day a co-worker shared information I had told them in confidence
and to me taking the organisation to the labour court due to what I felt was various violations in the place.
but I would be plotting ways to expose this company.
the sun shone bright in the clear blue sky
As I rounded a gentle curve, a sudden wind caused me to lose control of my car.
I was unconscious until I suddenly woke up in a helicopter taking me to hospital."
I was making sure to pay attention to the road
I stopped.
I sip on my roibos tea
We all hid under the desk
. Everyone went quite under the table.
After few minutes of hiding under the table
We were all shocked
We all stood in disbelief
the panel insisted we carry on with the interview
"I woke up in the morning with sense of excitement.
, I arrived at the office park an hour before
I went there early because I didn’t want to get lost
is situate at the CBD.
They let me wait in the conference room
was a great dialogue
the door opens and it was the receptionist asking if she could let in the other candidate since the time is up
and why is it only us who had that terrifying bang. "
At this moment I’m only thinking of what could have happened
she did not look like she heard the load bang.
could imagine working there already
. I have been waiting for this day
The interview began and it was going smooth
It was a Saturday
My boyfriend and I were on our way into the city center for a date
The ticket checker grew impatient and said he would come back, and started scanning other peoples tickets.
We decided we would get off at the next stop, even though it wasnt the right one, because I really wanted to avoid getting fined.
We managed to do this and avoided the ticket checker."
I did not realize I did not have enough funds left for the trip.
So I paid for the trip
physical tests
I did not start there
it was not for me
I refused the offer
it was not for me
I am unfit
general
dying
change
possibility
breathtaking
hotel
neat
conference
i bought a ticekt
boy approached me
I gave him a ticket back
beating him up
everything is catalouged in one of the two organizational apps I always use: Asana and Monday
I calmly explained to him that the projects never made it to me
if he used the proper channels when submitting a new projects
I told him that is not how we do things
Since neither of them could prove it was my fault, they dropped it and gave me a verbal reprimand.
Suddenly the camion
pressed the brake pedal without no reason
weren't nothing in front of him
it was raining
there was a lot of water
a bird fly in front of me
I flew through the question, answering each with ease
confidence booming and feeling prepared
I answered every question that the interviews threw at me with ease
About a week later I job a call informing me that my interview went great and that I got the job
And that's where Im at now, working at my dream job, at my dream company. "
I started studying around a month in advance
asked questions if I was unsure about the lesson
I was sure I would do well on my exam
I know all of the material
The whole experience made me really proud of myself
I really wanted
several years experience
2 other similar places
impress my superiors
several recommendation letters
interviewers were impressed
most of their questions
I was well fitted for the job
for technical reasons
allergic reaction to the anesthesia
I have never had any procedure before, so this allergy wasn't known.
The surgeon gave me some additional medication to counter the swelling.
Eventually, my lip got infected and I needed this to be taken care of. "
I was called in for the interview on my first attempt
was able to embellish a lot of my past experiences
there was no one better for the position but me
l was offered the position
It came as no surprise
my confidence and ability to show case how l would be the best fit for the job made it impossible for them to hire anyone else. "
My supervisor approached with a politely
its his fault by not communicating the exact deadline date to me
he said there's a chance we might get the client back and he needs my help because he cannot do it without me as I am a very good asset to the organization.
He made me promise not to disclose anything to any of the employees
Till then i can admit, i wasnt putting as much effort as i should have with the writing,
I first tried to contact my program advisor, she wasnt much help with my problem, she said i should go talk to the dean.
And when i went to talk with the dean, she told me, that she cant help and i should go talk to my program supervisor!
Everyone just seemed to try to push this problem on someone else and no one was there to really help me with it.
"..slammed into a briak wall.."
"....ringing in ears.."
"...pains all over my body.."
"....brakes failed..."
remembered that I had left a project given to me 6 months ago
I found myself panicking
I remembered that I had been in much more difficult situations which I managed to successfully overcome
just like that I remember that I had done a similar project last year
even my hald done work got me good par
The interview went for 30 minutes
I have been working in admin already
how my current admin experience would transfer to this new role
done some placements in a genetics clinic so I was able to emphasise my genetic patient experience
I had just completed Law School
I was very confident in my ability to secure this position
I was excited
I knew I was going to crush the interview
I was confident and articulated myself properly
It's safe to say I got the job
I was beyond elated
I received an email that informed me that I had to undergo an interview.
until flashing lights appeared in the rearview mirror
aying, "I guess i got too caught up in our fun
but his carefree spirit was the true memory of the whole situation."
when I open my
business
explained my
situation for speeding and he let me go and told me I should
witnessed an accident
abit far from us on the highway.
About 200m from the accident there was debrie on the road from the accident
tried sweving around it to avoid hitting some of the big stuff taht might damage the car
to finally ram into the sationery cars that were involved in the accident
We caused more pileup to the initial accident
other collegaue
miscommunication
Last Tuesday, I was driving home from work, and it had been a long and stressful day
"As I was driving through the residential area near my house, I noticed a car tailgating me aggressively."
"The officer informed me that I was caught speeding at 38 mph in a 30 mph zone."
Noone told me that I should do it
my boss before going on vacations only threw keys on my desk and didn't said anything
I put away everything that could have distracted me or helped me
I managed to answer everything anyway
I answered everything perfectly
I knew everything and I didn't need to use my notes
I studied enough
I couldn't take my eyes off the clock
made the leg very tired and struggle to walk
he surgery had to be done twice
he surgery had to take 4 hours
sadly for us there was another inspector in this one too
he was right in front of us
We lied and said that we were running late and couldn't stop to buy a ticket or else we wouldn't get to the train on time
that we were only two stops away and that we really didnt have the time to buy it
eventually he let us go and we bought a ticket from him
I was so scarred that I started crying
some details
because of the nervosity
I continued writing
and remembered at last
I have mostly picked the right answer by guessing
located not far from my home town
I was the only candidate present.
Turns out all the other candidates were not able to make it or they declined the interview.
the interview was very casual
human resources practitioner informing me that due to the fact that i was the only candidate and that i meet the criteria, i was awarded the position and could start immediately. "
selected for the job
cancel the call
online interview
There were 3 panelist’s
bad internet connection
questions asked were difficult
I felt unusually calm and eloquent and managed to impress the interviewers by seemingly having all the right answers at hand, and I expressed my fit to the role in a natural way wherever possible
I proceeded to ask a series of probing questions to better understand their culture and work environment. I think this also played a role in leaving a positive impression.
I left for the Interview at about 13:15
he was telling me about his family
not even a minute later
said to me she really likes me and I had a good chance of being the chosen candidate
e talked the whole afternoon
they had to make 2 more
I started to bleed a lot
caught a vein that was leaking a lot of blood
When i got on the train i tried to look for him so that i could go to the other end of the train and pray he didn't arrive in time for my stop
When he asked for my ticket i told him that there was no worker at the ticket line when i got to the train station so i could avoid getting a fine.
Luckily, he believed and i was able to purchase my ticket at the same price."
unable to put extra time
some urgent family obligations arose.
really was unable to work around this
accompanied a friend to a job interview.
I was waiting for her in the corridor, I witnessed one of the senior managers having an altercation with one of the employees.It really got out of hand and I felt sorry for the manager as she was an elderly lady
went and assisted her while the employee ran away as onlookers had called security.It was purely fate because as we were walking to her office she mentioned how worried she was about deadlines and the employee who was arguing with her being dismissed.
From the very beginning it felt like this job was meant for me as I was welcomed with so much preparation
Training had been set up for me and I was well equipped to succeed in my role, which I did almost immediately
Within my third month, I was convinced that my future with this company was solid
During my in-service training I knew what field I wanted to work in
This whole in-service training felt waste of my time
because I knew what I wanted
I was pissed because she knew what I wanted
open post in clinical pathology
my lecturer put in a good word for me
i was hired after a month
The moment I got there I knew the job was mine plus I was the only one who was more educated and gad more experience then all other candidate.
when he came back I knew he messed up. My time came and I went the with a lot if confidence.
answered all of them without a doubt,
were all so impressed
, I asked some questions just to
the week did not even end they called me
hired
I was not pleased with their salary offer so I told them and they were able to meet all my need."
when i ruined an entire order
I ended up being called to human resources
was immeditely fired.
i was dismissed on the spot
I was driving with 2 other passengers in my vehicle
mini van came out of nowhere
driver of the mini van was talking on his phone
My rear bumper was also damage
The airbag was out as a result of the accident
1 of the passengers broke his neck
The receptionist was rude and did not treat me well.
hospital gown which was too big for me and there was a hole in it
refused to give a new one
They told me I had to wait for my surgery for 2-3 hours but in reality I waited for 6 hours.
I was in so much pain
left me there alone with my pain
After that they only checked on me 2-3 times.
I sat in a marked car
my feet on the dash
A green Ferrari whizzes past
I turned on the engine and sped after
radioed my colleagues to stop him for me
I wrote him the biggest ticket I could find in the rule book
I was feeling really depressed and unhappy during the first months of 2022, and this was affecting my job as I was not productive and motivated to work.
Some of my colleagues had noticed that I had not been feeling well mentally and I guess the word got to my manager
One day in the month of May, 2022 I was not feeling great and I was not productive at work I even had an argument with one colleague of mine.
This colleague went to talk to my manager who was already not happy with my performance and she decided right there and then that she did not want me to continue with the team anymore.
The interview was to take place in a neighbouring city
that meant I had to travel a day prior the actual date
I confidently walked into the room,
My confidence went through the window once I saw the panel
I stuttered a lot and got tongue twisted.
I was sweating even though the room was air conditioned.
they politely shook my hand
Walking out of that door, I was sure I had just lost my dream job
asked my sister to open it.
she screamed with joy congratulating me
the biggest turn of events, I had ever experienced."
So my Husband decide to drive us to our son's school
Because he knew the shortest routes to get there
He passed the speed limit
Soon after my break started, however, I fell ill.
being 58 and a diabetic, my immune system is not the best any more. I was down in bed for ten days before I was able to work again.
Unfortunately, by the time I was back on my feet, I found that the hard drive on my laptop had crashed
The computer has been acting up for a while, but I didn't heed the warning signs.
There simply wasn't enough time - after I was able to get my computer fixed
I do however expect to not be paid for the work that I did not do in the past two weeks. " (I was paid in advance, so it cannot happen in reality)
the instructions were unclear
two different instructions
two different time limits.
I happened to follow the first instructions
incorrect instructions
I planned everything beforehand
I read instructions thoroughly
did exactly what was told
Because of their bad description or instructions I had to lose out on a lot money
If they hadn't poorly written those instructions I would've completed the task properly and fairly received my compensation.
I was
at my previous job
one afternoon
when I received a phone call
from this lady
I remember her
telling me that
I will be invited for an interview
of the job position that
I had applied for
I did not even remember
the name of the company that she said
she was calling me from
all I remembered was that
she will send me the details via email
moments later the email came in
full details as well as the date and time of the interview
then I was there
and the interview went very well
I was optimistic that they will call me again maybe for the second or final interview
and it was my wife and myself who was in the car
usually my wife that drives the car
since she needs the car for the rest of the day
I told her not to drive as fast as she did
But she didn't listen
But now we can laugh about it
I prepared a little bit for the test just to be sure
The interview went smoothly
Having the interview on zoom in my bedroom really put me at ease
was happy with how I performed.
He was the one driving and I was the passenger.
He was the one driving and I was the passenger. On the way there I have checked the online supply on my phone.
However I have seen that in one out of the 3 there are still 3 sofas left.
My friend got nervous and excited at the same time and he took a U turn and drove the car
he received a huge fine for speeding
his car
He received it a week after our IKEA trip.
aid worker in El Salvador, as well as in Colombia
in Colombia, where I stayed for a month
Offices in Cape town
Not nervous
Perfect score
Hired on the spot
kept on reading the pages of the book i knew would be in the test
bajando las escaleras de mi casa
rodé por la escalera hasta el fondo
rodé por la escalera hasta el fondo
I noticed that cat had knocked over a vase containing a plant cutting with water over my brand new MacBook Pro
all of my concentration was focused on drying the laptop
I work as technician and my responsiblity is fixing broken devices for my clients, redirecting warranty cases to my boss.
As new boss took over, she assigned more tasks to me and didn't take care of warranty cases.
I told my new boss that it was only part of my responsibility and I redirected it to her.
She didn't care much about my words and said I should take care of it as she is too busy.
6 months ago
motorway
lorry
several other cars
o congratulate me.
anger on my part and great
frustration
attacked the honorability
It was last August when my supervisor requested to make a videocall with me
My supervisor told me that she didn't want me in the team anymore because of low mood and low energy.
She said I was not good enough for this position
She said she gave me enough time but it didn't work out. I felt so much anger and sadness
I will never forget about this person and how she made me feel
When asked why I had a semi-skilled team instead of my normal team they said you get what you get.
So, upon starting the project I was supervising.
The work was going on as per normal
i returned to the semi-skill team to check and see how the workload was going
nothing was done correctly
We had to start all over again from scratch
Project lead on a successful AI-driven marketing campaign
Coordinated a team of five developers
Innovative algorithm that increased client engagement by 40%
Won an industry award for innovation in AI technology
Extensive experience with TensorFlow and PyTorch
Developed a machine learning model that reduced data processing time by 30%
Improved accuracy by 15% for our predictive analytics project
Conducted a series of workshops to train new employees
Critical moment when our server went down just before a major product launch
Took charge, diagnosing the issue swiftly
Implementing a solution that restored functionality
Optimized our system to prevent future downtime
Quick thinking and problem-solving ability impressed the panel
several times
feeling a lack of free time
Working for so many hours
simply doesn't reward you in the right way
neglecting our family, friends and even ourselves
2 years ago
"Irbana"
very rude
not stopping at the station if only one person was waiting there
decided to not pay
received 8 tooth implants
I know for a fact that I was not in the area on the date in question as I was visiting a sick friend
. I unfortunately forgot about the interview
I only realized, I was no longer in the running for my dream job
As upsetting as it was and a huge financial loss,
I was the perfect candidate.
that my bus card expired literally today
told me that he hopes that it's the last time
I needed to buy a ticket in front of him
I told them I could not go, I was not in the right mind space for it after such devastating news. They all understood
When I left the meeting I just went in survival mode.
I knew the team still had some money available and they would need someone to take care of at least some of the things, they could not do everything themselves.
So I quickly messaged Anthony and I proposed to act as a Moderator, Head Moderator, and Community Manager, doing all the community activities, customer support, and taking care of social media while reducing my salary from 3000 a month to 2000 a month.
I told them that in this new era, they needed someone who could do a lot of things, did not complain, and didn´t take a high salary.
He knew this so he said he would discuss it with the team and gave me the answer later.
I was desperate so I hired a bunch of people to create chaos in the Discord, and was able to convince some community members who by this point were very close to me to create some issues so I could remain on the team.
By my surprise this worked wonderfully. At the same time there was a problem on the website with our token generation which was just the perfect sign to let me stay on the team!
Anthony messaged me saying that they indeed needed help so they offered me a 6 month contract! I was so happy I could stay but I felt sad for the others that had to go. But I saw an opportunity that nobody else saw, and I´m proud of myself for that."
I ended up falling in my living room
injuring myself further
i give my car to my girlfriend
go dinner and nigth out whit some friends
she recived a ticket for speeding whit my car
Months later i recived the letter
had no ideia how i got a ticket.
i was sleeping
I slept in and forgot to grab my myki
immediately just started crying
it has been a very stressful day
They were trying to calm me down
they would let it go but just don't do it again
I buy a monthly student pass to ride the buses
I was in a hurry this morning
because I had an exam
I was running to be on time
I forgot my pass at home
It was in a different jacket
when I remembered it, I was already on the bus
I am really sorry
I promise it will not happen again
I knew it was going to change my life
after submitting the application I then called my uncle
who is the Municipal Manager in the same municipality
asked him to fast track my application so that I will get the job
he did not hesitate and did that and I was called for an interview
I went to the interview there were 3 other participants
I was not worried because I knew the job was mine
after a week I was called that I got the Job
I was so excited and my life began to improve.
This is a lesson that in order to get a job you must know people in the high places.
Now I know that I need to use erasable ink, if I want to cheat like that again.
That had allowed me to erase the pen mark from my palm.
That had allowed me to erase the pen mark from my palm.
During the exam my professor had somehow found out that I had been cheating
After a minor motorbike accident
my right arm was crushed
i panicked and shoulted for help as there was houses nearby
fortunatly help came
so it took 3 weeks to finally have the operation
being hospitalised wasen't to bad in my experience
delivered
emergency
labour
accompany
Two senior people interviewed me: the Chief of Technology Officer and the Director of Product Development.
The interview started at 11 a.m.
village
home
no network
internet connection
I was supposed to use my app to scan my ticket in a machine that's on the bus to make it valid. Nowhere was it mentioned in the app, resulting me in driving without a valid ticket.
I revised how I was going to lie perfectly in the interview to secure the job
I got even more nervous because I felt like I had forgotten everything that I had planned to say
I felt that their questions needed someone with more experience than I had.
I had to lie and put myself in the position of my supervisor and I had to make myself the troublesome employee.
I lied on almost all the questions that asked about my work experience with superiors and subordinates
As the interview was coming to an end. I felt like I could have told the truth instead but in the end, I convinced myself that what I did was necessary to secure the post.
i try to reach for my ticket on my pockets, but it is nowhere to be found
I've seen a ticket inspector only once or twice
(i show him the suitcase i was caring with me)
the closest selling point is in 700m
check my name and thus my ticket id
I told him that if he doesnt let me ride the bus i was going to get down on the next stop and continue on foot
the next stop, was my stop either way so i wouldnt mind
but i walked out with a free ride, a nice adventure and no fines!
overcast
driving
required speed
bribe
negotiated
sour
did not leave much time for me to speak to the surgical team about my worries
not informed as to the potential extent of this prior to surgery either
now leaves me nervous and uncertain as to the potential results of the surgery
day and night
had to run
2 kilometers
pass the test
many weeks
I know that a lof of young people travel by bus without tickets
Lisbon offers free tickets for university students, and, considering I'm also young, no one that saw that the card was declined really cared
It was 10 pm
because I wanted to save some money,
immediately went to check if I had a ticket
I pretended to be deaf
I race cars
but we were going with 260km
cat was thrown from nowhere
felt on the tree
Last month we had a race that was obviously not legal
The position I applied for was at a company that pays really well, that's why it was my dream job. After I got the interview invitation, I was informed it was going to be conducted by two people - one from HR and the other from the department I was meant to work for. I remember thinking that it was a bit excessive for a first interview. The interview took place at the company headquarters. The people conducting the interview did not make it easy for me. They sat there with poker faces as they asked some hard and misleading questions. I remember being very stressed out. But in the end I got the job, so it was worth it."
pleasant experience
left an impression on the interviewers
i would be expected to do
perfomance will be measured
"i didn't a ticket because i didn't want to,
get caught but with my sliver tongue and legs i manage to distract this inspector and try to run away
he dide try to chase me but you probably know the physical condition of inspectors and he give up shortly after he start chasing me.
I wrote the paper on the day of the dealine
my laptop swithced of because of loadsheddin
My mom was driving
I saw a black old car stopped, and said to my mom that was a cop radar
my mom to stop
she said she was guilty paid the cop the fined
difficult time in my life
demotivated
deep stress
funeral
nothing good
9am the next morning
get myself together
passed away.
struggling
my aunt
emotions apart.
so nervous
huge lump
best clothes and left."
very close
could not believe
find a job
I had just attended
I did not know how I was going to cope
load shedding
load shedding
attending a music festival
featured my favorite artists
at my name
i wasn't driving the car
i was not even aloud to drive it
Unfortunately, two bus stops later a ticket inspector got on the bus and I was caught.
I showed him my smartphone with the inactive ticket and told him that it'd just run out of time and I was about to leave at the next stop.
Luckily for me, the inspector seemed not too familiar with the ticket application I showed him and believed me.
I had to leave at the next stop but at least I avoided being fined.
The next bus quickly arrived and I got to my appointment just in time.
My dad
50km above
Huge fine
500km
I was only 16 years old
was told everything was fine
it was not that complex. I just needed surgery.
for about 10 hours
If only I knew I had something going on in my ovaries before. I wish the first doctor told me how serious this was."
during the technical interview I was able to complete a great portion of the questions
when I gave my reasoning for certain choices I made while solving the questions it felt like I was not being heard
no matter how detailed and thorough I was, it felt like it wasn't enough
I felt like I did everything right
I wrote them again, I tried to phone them
only getting the information that they are currently busy with something else more pressing and will get back to me as soon as possible.
I tried all I could think of to make them aware of the situation
luckily, my colleagues saw me trying to reach our collaborators
dont understand how it works
came from Azerbajian,
we dont have the similar system
dont know how to use ticket automat
used the money with her
forgot
her memory had been bad
The weather was terrible so I decided to take the bus and not have my usual jog to the gym
3 times I got a response that the card was invalid.
inspectors boarder the bus just 2 stops before I had to go
the older one said "Its a new system, it still gives errors" and before he said something more I said "This is my stop. I have to go to work" and that was it."
forgotten my wallet
to return home
i was in such a hurry
My brothers wife is having a baby
It is the first time
it will never happen again.
This was cut short when we heard the sound of a member of staff saying 'tickets ready! a little while off. When the Inspector reached us, we decided to be honest. We said we hadn't known about the strike, and couldn't afford the fares on the high speed line. The Inspector, thankfully, shrugged and allowed it this time. "
stuck in light traffic
i noticed a reckless rider who was causing an inconvenience for other road users
traffic started to slow i had to break to avoid some cars but seconds after breaking i felt a jolt
and was flung into the air
i landed, shattered both wrists and had to be rushed to hospital
after battling to get the persons details we managed to track them down using eyewitness and had the police create a case."
I took a flight from my hometown
I was the first one to arrive
The interview went great
I had not slept the night before preparing for the interview
I was told that I will be contacted in 2 weeks
I was not scared at all as there were only 3 other candidates
I did some cheating during the first few kanji tests
honestly I did not care much about those tests at first
I had with me a few times during tests
I did not think much of it but I made sure nobody saw.
it does bother me now
I fell sick
found a doctor 2 hours away
a day later was diagnosed with a flu virus
stayed in hospital for 15 days
follow up appointment a week later
Luckily for me, when I got the paper with my exam, I realised that the questions for my group were the same ones as we talked about during the lectures, which I remembered some details of
I kept an eye out for one so that I could purchase a ticket
By the time my app began working we had already gotten off the train and were heading to the tube station
I won't get a fine but that I should have approached him myself earlier instead of waiting
after a minute
two stops
20 minute break
I just boarded the bus
but it never came to my email.
as i have never received any information
I responded immediately
covered
friend
penalty points
neighborhood
100$ ticket
a subject that would both satisfy my supervisor and follow some current trends
finished it in three days
The text was complete
it soon occured to me that in time the text will be published it won't be a hot topic anymore
just to make sure my text will be considered up-to-date
One day my supervisor emailed me asking if I could send my text again because he had lost it
I quickly read my old text and came to conclusion that with only a few changes it would be appropriate even now, after a month. I texted my boss saying its no problem and sent my essay.
My past experience made it so the team leader contacted me for an interview.
he team leader decided that I am a great fit for their team
We sat down and as the bus moved a man with a ticket machine came up and started to shout at us in German
Someone loosely translated that we were stealing seats and weren’t paying so we had to pay a €100 fine
. I had to pretend that my son was sick (pointing to his tummy and wretching) and that I had lost my purse. "
I had heard from a colleague that sometimes they add a health and safety questionnaire
so I made sure I studied that the most
I have an idea of our technical work
left slow lane
was a new driver
I had just gotten my license
inexperienced female driver
felt like they were taking advantage
that wasn't true
overwheled with other work
other work activities
required my urgent attention
I would have completed my task
in due time
I was very late to work,
ill friend in hospital
He had accident
I was one of the lucky students
I was lucky
had leaked
2 years ago
I had to participate
cheating during the exam
it was a good idea
my team leader knew that I was not feeling well
He thought it would be best
he chose me to do the task
He set me up for failure
made me look bad to our team
she used her body to protect our doggy
could nothing but watch
dog likes to ride on the ground bertween my moms legs
My mom was thrown to my side
her leg was pretty badly hurt
I had to have a fight with the other driver because he was incapable of acknowledging fault.
friend
cousin's
company
sent him my CV
the following day.
local library
After thee days
its not a big deal
tell the subway personnel that I had already swiped my subway ticket
the gate gave me and error message
people do this all the time
no way I'm going to pay for a subway ticket
I told him with tears on my eyes
health emergent issue
had money only for the taxi
I thanked him very much
I asked my wife to drive instead of me
the raod sign was before the change of driver
because of her mistake
fairly easy
thorough preparation
implemented it each day and hour I studied
answers just came to me
my mother won a lottery
two weeks vacation in Spain for our whole family
ingenious plan: to call my psychiatrist and explain how beneficial for my mental health that vacation would be
When I was on my dream "sick" leave in Spain, one coworker of mine started talking about my vacation around my boss
I had no vacation leave left for that year
during the interview it turns out one the hiring team was my old boss and we hit it off like old times! I had a great rapport with all the panel members after that and was offered the role on the day
last week
large amount of our time and day
lose
property manager
majority
large numbers
recruits
mostly toxic
property administration
I had started to collect these information immiadely from various trustworthy sites.
I was planning to start writing 5 days before the deadline
my sister broke her leg and she went into surgery, so i had to help her with the babies.
I had forgotten my phone and wallet
I couldn't buy a ticket
my manager always had her favourites
he wasn't in our team anymore because he wanted to relocate to another store
pretty huge disagreement
I was running late for a job interview
forgot to buy a ticket this day
I forgot my wallet where I usually store my ticket
I usually never use the bus
no atm machine was in sight
Even the bus driver verified that the card reader was broken
from the train station to the city center
I cheated on the exam
i needed to pass the module.
I did because i wanted to pass
memorable because it was my first time cheating on a test .
I opted for the train because I heard it was faster and more reliable
I tried multiple times, but it kept declining
Then, a kind fellow commuter saw my distress and offered to lend me his spare ticket
I was incredibly grateful for his generosity, as it allowed me to board the train just in time
Once I arrived at my destination, I made sure to thank him again and even offered to repay him, but he kindly declined
and was ultimately fired
20 adviser/brokers
The only data I had to reference so there were no mistakes was my boss's spreadsheets of any payslips that had been sent out
that I made it half way through
my boss is focused on the new employee
asks me to take more initiative with it
due tyo low service demand
He didn't keep me informed about what my productivity goal was
wasn't very clear with me throught the process
the overall team productivity was low
My dismissal was very unfair
I worked very well
wich I performed well
I passed with a 100%.
When it came time to paying her, I refused and threatened to snitch that she was helping me if she told anyone."
. I moved carriages with my daughter to the end of the train to give me some time to figure things out.
I looked through my bag which I had with me, and I realised I had some money stashed away in an inside pocket curled up in a receipt.
I was able to give this to the train inspector when he made his way to the end of the train to pay for our tickets.
changed seats with my friend
i forgot my license at home
we offered the police a bribe
My friend whose license was suspended
gave away the last money we had for gas
the policeman acepted the money
offered help by my colleagues
redo the report
research and compile information with very little time left
they should be able to handle these kind of reports without my involvement
i
was
within
the
speed
limit
retiring
her own staff
company was a similar one
she had all the expertise she needed
for her for many years
was a lot of loyalty both ways there"
I suggested Maria drive my car
I had a few drinks
issued a speeding ticket to Maria
She felt bad about it
it was my idea to drive the car
changed lanes
a sudden brake
a collision
the police verification
did not confirm the existence of my car
At the one with HR they told me the working conditions
In this last interview they gave me a small technical test
The called me days later telling me that I had the job
I tried to stay in the hospital as long as possible.
I was so nervous that my stay was extended by several days because I was panicking before the surgery
I could tell that the interviewer was tired
we even made some lighthearted jokes about how hard Mondays are
fell sick suddenly and didn't really take it serious, so I didn't go to see my doctor right away
I thought a little bit of rest would do.
However, it was more serious than I thought. it turns out I had a really bad infection that required a course of strong antibiotics
For this reason, I ended up missing the deadline for the reports that needed to be submitted
I didn't cheat on my exam at all
A day before my exam day I was just revising what I learnt
I wouldn't have risked my future by even thinking of cheating
I made sure that I knew all the drawings in my textbooks
I was so happy during the exam that I could remember all the drawings
I studied so hard and I was proud of myself
which is nothing special
the boss told me I suck at my job
he want to fire me
wants me to quit next week
he is gonna make sure, that I will never work again
I am leaving on my own will.
I accepted the terms
left him immediatelly in the room
test to be back positive
HIV
they started giving me HIV medication
resulted in giving me rash skin ever since
sales rep
spoil myself
I was very happy
suit my capabilities
financial freedom
want
awarded with an award of integrity in middle school
I used a monitoring proctoring app
The questions were rather easy to go through
I make sure to study a week before and avoid procrastination
my lecturer commended me on my innovative thinking in my submission
she said my answers were "original."
I was just going to my first day at a new job to get trained.
The boy who was supposed to train me came to pick me up.
told my friend that he was going 50km/h over the limit
He was very mad becasue it was his first ticket in life"
company is great
great with communication
treat people with absolute regard
I've since been promoted 
everything is going remarkably well
I motivated and enjoying what I was doing, I've been delivering my assigned tasks on time and with the expected quality
On this day my manager called me to a meeting to discuss, that was supposed to be to discuss how we would be going forward and how those projects would evolve
I was shocked and surprised by that decision.
I couldn't buy the ticket in advance
not because I wanted to
Our teacher is sort of strict and does not really tolerate cheating in our class
I did not prepare any cheat sheet as i was also relying a bit on my phone but also on what I remember from hearing her talking.
And i did pass
I just copied and rewrote the answers to my answer sheet and made it look as if I did not cheat by making some extra mistakes so it would not be obvious
We had all the notes to learn from in our phones anyway as the teacher sends the notes only like that.
their vehicle summersaulted
many times before finally get hooked in a ditch
we were unhurt, not even a scratch on our bodies
Since the ticket prices were all the same no matter what time the train was, and there weren't any assigned seats, I figured that it would be ok to take any train as long as it was to the same destination.
I didn't know that I could only use the ticket for the exact train I booked.
moderate
passed
out
major
open
heart
surgery
blood
cloths
weak
dizzy
messed
up
severe
pain
emergency family situation the night before left me unable to sleep or to review my notes
Someone had left a note with theory questions on the toilet
didn’t really look at the note, and flushed it down the toilet
I just left a few of these questions unanswered."
On Saturday, we had adopted a kitten and that served as a distraction
pressed the "Validate" button.
I realize that the app was still processing the ticket validation request (the spininng icon was still moving). Hoping it was just a display bug, I restarted the app to find that the ticket had not been validated.
The app crashes, loses connection often , and has to be restarted every time.
Bug and glitches make it painful to buy tickets and stamping is often buggy.
I had included skills which were not directly related to my current job
I had not personally managed a team
I relied on interactions I was privy to with my peers
I didn't realize was that one of the panel members was a previous colleague
immediately challenged some aspects of my CV
interview did not go well
I lost all confidence
the interview was cut short
my responses lacked the scenarios expected
a ticket inpector entered the bus
I felt it was very unfair to pay just because I forgot to validate the ticket when I entered the bus.
asked the inspector to let me validate my ticket while he was there but he refused.
. I asked the inspector to let me validate my ticket while he was there but he refused. In the next stop, while still negotiating ,the door of the bus opened and I run outside
smooth
best
forever
I was perfectly prepared and made an excellent impression during the interviev
The HR department insisted that I accept their offer
I could find an ever better job.
That's only the reason I don.t work for that company.
I decided to quit my job
I approached the manager
informed him of my decision
Then I went to the HR department
hand in my resignation notice
when I was stepping over the edge of the bath I slipped and fell out
I hit my shoulder on the toilet seat on the way down
I hit my shoulder on the toilet seat
it turns out I fractured a bone in the socket
he admired my honesty
no technical interview was required
feeling really good about my chances
I knew that job was mine if I wanted
seemed like they wanted me
very high position
immediately questioned
very annoyed
I'm already running late.
I saw that the train was leaving in 5m.
I see security agents waiting to check if everyone has their valid ticket. i'm freaking out I dont wanna pay 150 euros just because I was late. I get out of the train, trying to avoid the agents but it's a fail. They see me and ask for my ticket.
i'm freaking out I dont wanna pay 150 euros just because I was late. I get out of the train, trying to avoid the agents but it's a fail. They see me and ask for my ticket. I'm pretending to reach for it in my bag. Suprisingly I found an old ticket. I give it to the agent at the same time another agent is talking to him quite aggresively. I'm also urging him to be quick because I'm gonna miss the bus I''m supposed to take. He doesn't think too much of it, he's more focused on his coworker. He let me go without looking twice at my ticket.
I didn't have cash with me
I was late for an appointment
So I decided to star a new path and after 3 years on the company, I told my boss I was leaving
He was shocked.
he company had a really great and familiar atmosphere, we all knew each other, and appreciate each other.
After initial surprise, he understood that given my profile, I needed this new horizons badly and he even organized a nice good bye party
ut overall I am happy I decided to look for new adventures "
in a nearby town
implementing organisation
Two weeks into the project
raveling to a different town 300kms away
implementation officer
go and sign on my behalf.
wasn't sure which of us was driving on the day of the speeding ticket
When I went back through our shared calendar and looked at what events we had been to on that day
I was pretty certain it was actually my wife who had been driving at the time.
She was less convinced because we had both taken the car out in pretty quick succession
the fine was from quite close to our house so didn't help us figure out who it was by where it had taken place.
She had already taken a speed awareness course quite recently so she would have ended up with points on her license if she admitted to driving,
so I said I'd take them instead as I could just take the course and avoid the points. "
On the day of the interview I was feeling well-informed and capable
In the end all went well as my true feelings passed unnoticed, or at least I so believe, because I got admitted
24 hours
blacked out
my partner went to get the triage nurse who checked my bollod pressure & other obs. due to be being no beds they then sat me in a wheelcahir back in waiting.
mobility became worse due to the fatigue
receptionist apoligesed & said i should have already been took through
did not start the drip until day 3 of me being in hosptal due to a miscomunnication
this caused a delay in treating my relapse which caused more nerve damage
he made the cut to big
after a few more days of the plasma exchange the line should have been removed.
they was unable to remove due to other patients causing delays
due to the line being in longer then it should of it became infected & i became unwell. iwas put on a drip of antibiotics to fight of the infection
He Said that my job was okay
Since i was the Younger member and my salary was paid by the state,
beggining a new contract would increase the money spent by the company.
The next day, I packed my things and went way
got to the company office twenty minutes before the interview
the other candidates
which was calming
ortrayed the office as a calming and welcoming environment to work in.
one of the boardrooms
olve without the use of a calculator.
once they had finished
a scenario whereby my current efforts on a project actually brought in a huge profit
they offered me a much more senior role
traffic
shaking,
I received an email saying that unfortunately I will not get the position
I felt so disappointed
everything ended up crumbling
I felt it was unfair and I didn´t know what else was needed from me. I felt I was just not enough and that shattered me.
all because of the amount of work I had previously invested into understanding and improving my knowledge of the topic
indeed an arduous task but I managed
made sure to use the 30/70 rule
you focus 30% of the time to the theory and 70% of the time to practicing
It works wonders as you can see from my results
However, once home and over the next few days, the pain did not subside.
I found my shoulders and neck constantly cramping and experienced some of the worst headaches I'd ever had.
he was shocked to see extensive bruising on my upper back and neck.
It turned out that during the surgery, I tendon in my upper back/neck had been nicked/damaged by the surgeon's scalpel! It turned out that during the surgery, I tendon in my upper back/neck had been nicked/damaged by the surgeon's scalpel!
I then had to undergo another surgery to repair that tendon
it took 6 months to fully heal and for the headaches to subside.
"i was speeding on the highway,
I didn't care and i was still speeding and talking to the phone
Suddently , after a curve , I found a car accident
. i could not stop the car in time as I was speeding, and i hit one of the cars.
I literally flew in the air and my car did several rotations in the air
then woke up in hospital , without my driving license
causing it to spin around 360 degrees.
I screamed in pain, feeling a strong sensation in my back and barely being able to move my neck.
The police officer asked me some questions with a very condescending tone
because they thought I wasn't in pain and that I came out without a single scratch even though it turned out that I had ruptured some tendons and could barely move for a couple of months.
me walking into an office to meet my colleagues
Every person had gotten dressed up
I then got to meet the Executive Head
He was shocked that I looked so beautiful,
He then called me later
it turned out he only wanted to give me the position on one condition.
not getting the post because I could not fulfil his expectation
he criticized me
but there were some unforeseen circumstances that cause this delay
they said it was simples tasks
i started working immediately
there was a system failure that prevented me from accessing the necessary files for the project.
I managed to complete most of the work
without checking, backed up into my car
taking the ticket out of my wallet
to put it in the machine and validate it.
my manger failed to give clear instructions
I could not proceed to write without clear instructions
I dont know how to go about writing such documents
needed to be aware of the fact that I am actually helping her do her job
remove all the fibroids without removing the uterus
the tissue would regenerate and i would be able to have children at 49 years old
For tissue regeneration, i was prescribed an Ayurvedic treatment
Today i am pregnant and expecting healthy twins
spending a few weeks looking through online job boards
I was asked to do a phone interview
he interview was quite long, almost 45 minutes.
The interviewer was one of the senior paralegals
we began to discuss daily tasks and how often I would be needed in the office."
I just used it to enter the security a few minutes
4 weeks
surgery
bone fracture
I wasn't nervous
I was confident in my abilities
The interviewer was thoroughly impressed
I had gotten the job
After 24 hours, the card expired and I took the bus but I didn't realize as it was barely an hour after the expiration time.
While I was on the bus, an inspector randomly came in and checked all of the passengers including me.
s I was a tourist, the inspector didn't fine me and warned me to buy a ticket next time.
I was not aware of the dates
I had mixed the workload
I always note my deadlines down
. I thought the job I completed was the one due now
the one that was needed now was the one due at a later stage
I thought the project is due in a later stage and not now
the interviewer constantly kept asking me about my experience
After trying to move the conversation along for a minute or two
I reluctantly started talking about some "freelance projects" I created
I think the interviewer also noticed it
it worsened it to the point where i had very little hearing in that ear.
i came out almost deaf in one ear.
i arrived late at work
my laptop battery
equipment room open
stole a new charger
i was far away from home to fetch it.
went and stole a new charger
and did not tell anyone.
inspector asked us for our tickets
. I told him I had been late jumping on at the previous station
didn't get a chance to purchase one
He was ok with this
just charged me for the journey
wheel got seriously damaged
woman argued it was my fault
I called the cops
she was driving with 1.2 of alcohool
I sued her for reckless driving and endangering my life. I got paid.
heart problem
drank herbs ,
fertility pills
lot surgeries
traumas
involved
car accident
knee
arm
rushed
hospital
not friendly
staff
public
rushed
immediately
horrible
quickly
traumatised
vulnerable
nocody
attended
needed help
healed
bad experience
My partner got a speed fine
It was around 8 in the morning
speeding at 140km per hour
late for a job interview.
N7 highway.
exactly 12 months ago
I quickly detached the dash camera
showed them what happened
hey've took the materials
blamed everything on the woman
who jumped in front of my car
to my surprise I was the only individual in the conference room and my interviewers were nowhere to be found
When suddenly my whole body was approached by a hurricane of cold air as the interviewers entered the exit door, turns out they were outside having a smoke
"Interesting"
I say "Interesting"
Mathematics Professor.
I realized I was not the driver on that particular day
I will forward the details to the guilty culprit
to settle the amount for using my car
and speeding way over the speed limit."
passed each of my assessments
i was with two of my friends
alcohol contents in my blood
i felt very sleepy and felt my eyes closing
it happened 20 minutes away from home
rolled about three times before it came to a stand still
came to a stand still in the middle of the road
Luckily none of them were injured
my nerves were overtaken by excitement
for one of the top fashion magazines in the world
I had unfortunately fallen sic
missed a week's worth of work as I was unable to get out of bed
This was a situation that was completely out of my hands
I was sick
could not touch or even think about any work.
i had studied pretty well.
I revised the material together with my classmate
My classmate wasn't that prepared for the exam because she decided to start studying rather late.
She was trying to catch my attention without getting caught by the professor
i ignored my classmate
I acted like i didn't hear her at all
I think i made the right decision, i couldn't have risked failing the exam for which i had studied so much
I think I made the right thing by putting myself first.
part time
i showed them the last qr code that i have in my phone because i have this subscription for almost 3 year and every year with school fees it renews itself,they said the qr code is not valid and i said i didnt understand because its the same qr code i use always, i showed them my school subscription and they said the code supposed to be renewed by now
i said i have no idea how it works i just pay my school fee and have this code and told them school must be in late and i didnt know this was old one because i paid the school fees and asked them to call the school secretary and told them how i was unaware of the sitution at the end its 07.30 am and i just try to go to school
if i knew i would buy a ticket for sure but i really didnt know and ill talk this with school but since im a student i really cant pay the fee because of a big misunderstant i kindly ask them to give me permission this time so i can talk wiht school and understand what is the problem and why they delayed sending new codes mean time i can buy immediately a ticket from the application of the bus from my phone and likely they understand my situation and they didnt give me a fee"
unreasonable time frame
I did everything in my power to reach the deadline
. I had been feeling that way for 12 years
severe depression that barely let me do anything
but this time it was at its peak
I said to her that this was my first time traveling here in Portugal
explained to her that I'm a turist and didn't know how things worked here
Because I didn't have a document with me she had to let me off with a warning
almost causing a crash
started brake-checking me
proceeded to drive in the same direction as the car in front of me when they suddenly hit the brakes without warning
The man got out of his car and came to my window and shouted at me for being so stupid
He then said that I was very lucky that he was in a rush
Luckily I knew the head of the legal team (we worked with him on a couple of matters in the past) and I was shortlisted.
finished a client meeting which had not gone well
call from my wife that our child had fallen very ill and needed to be rushed to the ER
not notice the speed I was driving
pleaded with him to let me go without issuing me a ticket
a family emergency
go with a warning
avoided a huge speeding ticket
much higher than the speed limit
My wife actually dropped me off
My friend accompanied me
couldn't go through with it cause I was scare
very nervous
I don't remember
everything felt like was happening fast and my mind could not take everything all at once.
I don't remember if I did it
Im not a cheater
inflate my experience on my CV
abricated many years
i even pulled out my masters year and used it as a experience in a company i has done my internship in the past
restarting my laptop
lost my document
not saved
My outlook as well was not working
took longer
I was fully concentrated and alert
all of a sudden
but because I had absolutely no time to brake
no damage
either car
she would always buy them anyway
they indeed came to check our tickets
The inspector spoke Italian (of which we didn't understand a word) and very little English. After explaining we were tourists he explained in broken English that we would need to exit the tram on the next station since we didn't have a ticket.
suddenly sped
significant damage to the trunk and rear lights
misaligned the rear axle of my car, causing it to be unsafe to drive
mentioned that the damage appeared extensive
their offices in an industrial area downtown.
questioned by three other members of staff
little encouragement or feedback to my responses
After around 45 minutes of discussion
the inspector checked for my ticket and I replied that I didn't have it.
I could not buy a ticket because I would have been late for the train and would have missed it
he would let it slide but to make sure to buy it next time."
I forgot to buy a bus ticket
police officer gave me second fine
From that day, I am always buying tickets for bus.
i quickly explained the situation and organized the documents in a flash
so she understood the matter with a smile on her face."
My health was effected badly
i had to get a regular treatment once a week in a private hospital in Brussels
a young guy, had no driving licence
was probably DUI
we were in police interrogation all day
i couldn't go to my appointment and get my treatment
i can no longer go to my treatments in Belgium
my disease went worse for that reason
My manevuer was successful
but the driver who was going in front of me, I don't know what got scared and decided to emergency braking
Despite keeping a safe distance
I hit his vehicle
suffered a serious injury to my right leg
I was driving
decided to overtake all of us
there was an oncoming car
tried to speed through the other cars
He then swerved into my car
We both swerved off the road and his car hit a tree
I got out of my car to confront him
heavily intoxicated
instructions were unclear
got continually put off
boss lost sight of the task
did not remind me
but this is not my responsibility
leading the analytics division for a fast growing startup
In addition, the package was very good - with good base compensation and stock options.
They asked questons that weren't relevant to the presentation and I think were deliberately trying to catch me out.
nd not to receive feedback on my performance either.
It happened a month ago.
I was driving the car.
We took a known route, we had been there many times before
It was a safe driveway
I look at my friend and suddenly I lost control of the vehicle.
The passage of the other car was deeply injured and we needed to call the ambulance.
And both cars needed to be repaired.
Audi R8
he didn't want to listen
gave me 300 PLN fine and 5 penalty points
I was very pissed at myself for doing something stupid
the factory was struggling with the activity
testing every possible case from the new functionality
we tried to test even absurd use cases
I traveled like this for a few stops
I reached the facility where i was supposed to undergo the operation under a very heavy rain
something went wrong with the administration of the anesthetic substance
i woke up in the middle of the operation
he did not charge me the extra fee
I paid almost the same price for the ticket that he sold me
but it made few more stops along the way on some smaller stations
he slapped me
three months later
The team and I tried to stick to the project plan and kept the engagement partner and the manager up to date as we were giving daily updates to them
The budgeted hours on the job were also not enough and when we requested for an overtime to be approved this request was rejected
all these factors combined resulted to us missing the deadline by a week
I don't think it would be fair to blame us for missing the deadline and our performance ratings should not be affected by this
During the audit there were client delays where we requested information and the information was not given to us on time in order to complete the execution of the audit and we did report these to the manager as they were likely to cause us to miss the deadline
As the delays were also communicated with the manager and the team did their best to meet the deadline it was not possible without working overtime and with client delays involved.
When asked to explain why we missed the deadline i did explain all these facts to the manager and the partner
My colleague and I were responsible
My colleague and I would receive an email from our manager on a monthly basis with all the invoices that we had to process payments for
we shared invoices by service provider name
In the month where our manager was going on leave
she sent us the invoices she already had in advance
she sent us the invoices she already had in advance
we captured them and made sure they were paid
When our manager came back from leave she realized that she had missed one invoice of which the service provider payment was my responsibility
he payment for that invoice was then made a month later, which was too late
I developed an infection at the surgical site
I had to go through multiple rounds of antibiotics
two kids
this surgery didn't go smoothly either.
I had a severe allergic reaction to the anaesthetic
caused swelling and breathing issues
so I had to stay in ICU for several days
To top it off, the incision for this surgery got infected too.
I had to take even more antibiotics
undergo another minor surgery to drain the infection
leading to a lot of anxiety
as well pay extra money for childcare as I wasn't able to care for my children
so it took a financial toll as well. "
After I walked away from my previous job
I heard from a friend that there was an open position at a company
I contacted the person in charge of hiring and told them that I have done a lot of similar work before
I told them about my previous 3 positions with different companies and all the promotions that I had accumulated
i injured my lower back the same day
said its fine I can hand the report in on Monday
not fit to work till Friday
He did not acknowledge our previous agreement
by cheating on it i felt like I lost an opportunity to be a better student
received a positive reaction
I was with a group of tourists
The bus number was 65 and we had to get of the bus at the 6th stop
it was nearly impossible to get a ticket because the ticket machine was far
a lot of people were in the way
2 weeks of learning
had to learn every single detail
well-known
very attractive
overwhelmed
On the day of the interview I got up early, the sun was shining, my hair looked great, there was no traffic on the
so it seemed like everything was on my side to dazzle in this interview.
we had a deep discussion
I also got very lucky
Maybe it was just my lucky day and it was meant to happen.
a bit anxious
very important situation like this interview for my dream job
sleeping pills
woke up the next morning refreshed and on time
Arrived at the interview about 10 minutes before the start
they look semi-impressed
The interview went relatively well
a few questions I had trouble with
hey did not really looked concerned about it
I was really positive about the interview
I even went for a celebratory cup of coffee and cake before returning to work
my surprise and disappointment
big report
several key team members on holiday
started on my project straight away
informed my manager
hey advised me to keep going with the data i had
spent the third week analysing the incomplete data
missed the deadline by two days but it was clearly due to efforts beyond my control
have back up plans
keep better communication
something that happens pretty regularly with that particular website
I had receved a call from the hospital about my younger brother having an emergency, so i needed to get there no matter what.
was able to get to the hospital.
slightly crashed
train's motor (that was so noisy)
his time my wife really wanted to drive so we decided that she would drive today
give a speedeing ticket to my wife
I applied for a job at one of the biggest automation companies.
I got a call that I got the job and got a date for for the interview.
This job is everything that I have ever wanted
was very excited as the interview was and the panel was a few people
On the date of the interview I joined the teams session online and everything was fine. The questions I got were overwhelming as I did not know how to answer some of them.
Although the questions were overwhelming I aced the interview as I had a goal in mind that, that was what I wanted. I exited the session and waited for a response from HR. Which I received after 3 day and the feedback was amazing. I got the job of my dreams to work in one of the best companies.
heavily raining
driving on the highway.
congested with traffic
congested with traffic
done online over Zoom
Little
Bumped
Serious
Quickly
Absolutely
Necessary
Several
Consequential
Problems
8
Hours
had refused because I did not feel confortable driving in a foreign country
The road to be driven was not particularly busy
I got a message from one of the friends I was on vacation with, saying that we had recieved a fine
It was a friday evening and I had way too many drinks after the office party
We had a lot of fun and games that night
The karaoke and dancing were super fun.
My boss was super sober that night. He's always like that to be honest. He rarely drinks
He usually uses cycle to commute to work. And he lives a couple of blocks from my home
He refused to let me drive and offered to drop me home that day and in return asked me to pick him up on monday
But he drove too fast as he was not aware of the newly installed speeding camera near the intersection
I never told this to him. I am sure he would have paid me. But he's too kind of a person for me to do that
completely unable to validate the tickets
I wasn't able to use the NFC to validate it
I had just bought these tickets for this bus ride
had lost my mind
arguing with boyfriend
injured my hand
my partners feet
he woman on in front of me was randomly waking up and talking very looudly.
which meant people were saying very weird things.
i felt very safe with the team of doctors i had. I felt confortable with them
She tried doing it mulpitle times when finally her senior steped in and did it for her
but they couldnt manage to find a vein toput the needle in
that delevoped into scoliosis,
if i didnt perform the surgery the scholiosis would be permenant.
tattoo was too detailed and realistic
I was making the tattoo for 9 hours
there were no public transportation available
driver was very alcoholized
he was very agressive
my friend's husband is a very nice phychologist
The van's driver paid the cost to the accident
here told me that the interviews had been finalized
2 male
that there was already a person chosen for the job
I had misread my date for the interview and was 2 weeks late
I did not realise it expired
As I was not aware of the expired card
I gave it to him without hesitation
tried to explain to him that I did not realise that as I did not pay attention to the date
did not paid enough attention to the time
only carrying card
What I had not anticipated was that in Augsburg the ticket inspectors did not wear their uniforms, and as luck would have it a ticket inspector came up to me and asked me for my ticket. Quickly thinking on my feet I powered down my phone and then lied to the ticket inspector that I had a mobile ticket but my phone had run out of charge. The ticket inspector asked my friend if he could confirm this, which he did, and the ticket inspector agreed to drop the fine of 60 Euros and instead allowed me to purchase a physical ticket plus a service surchage for 5.63 Euros.
85% of my salary
negligence from their end
medical leave
loss of income
hung over
night before
driving in a safe manner
speed camera flashed
One day
i was very late
about 15 minutes
I raced over to the ticket machine while Fiona held the door however it was not working.
made the decision to jump on board with no ticket.
A few stops later an inspector boarded the tram.
I explained the situation to them and told them that the machine was broken.
Unfortunately they still fined me €40 which really ruined the evening. "
written test marks
practical sessions that had to be done prior to the lab report submission was not conducted
protest action constantly disrupting the workflow
However to my suprise it was a message from Sam.
Sam had sent me a lovely message letting me know that her current company a very well respected Educational institute was seeking a PA to the dean and she would love to put forward my CV and act as a reference for this application
I was sitting at my favorite coffee shop
drowning in my tears and drowning down the hot tea
because of unemployment
when all of the sudden
a tap on my shoulder
took away all these thoughts.
was one of the most sought out after business tycoons in Africa
he just dropped a contract offering employment in front of me
and left like that
I had never worried about his health
he worry of losing my loyal friend distracted me from everything
supposed to be a duo project
the project being changed from two-man team to a one-man team
I started working on this project three days into it and still no extra team member
assigned team member would tweak it and edit before the final
they could not hold up to what they had promised
I had gotten into a car accident
The week prior, I had gotten myself organised and ready to present this important project
I found myself having to have a small operation
That morning I knew I had to get to the train station early to avoid the queues
I left the house in time to do so
By my reckoning, when I got to the station, I'd still had 25 minutes to top up my card
only one of three machines was working
If it had been a normal day, I'd have stayed to charge my card and got the later train
that day I had an important meeting first thing in the morning
Her heart rate started to deteriorate.
I met ticket controller
I introduced myself as my friend who workes in a railway
The controler believed that I work in the railway
let me go without a fine
i was in a middle of a storm. I mean a storm in my life. I got separated from my long-time girlfriend
My heart was not in it. I was just miserable and that was all i could be.
i just could not work this out at that time.
unexpected
unfortunately
prolonged
power loss
disrupted
unforeseen
prevented
accessing
hindered
interruptions
two months
removing my appendix
got an infection
ICU
for a month half
towel
left it inside me
what led to the infection
bought a ticket for 45 minutes
the bus had a few minutes of delay
one stop before my destination stop the ticketman checked my ticket
he decided that it isn't worth the hassle and agreed that It wasn't my fault that the bus got delayed
highway on my way out of Dusseldorf city to go back to my home, a drive 30 minutes away
I spent the whole day there with my brother visiting one of the shopping malls we really like and a couple of other sights
It wasn't even 10 minutes we got on our way back home, we had just entered the highway and for some reason I was going somewhat fast, something that I didn't realize because I thought the pace was perfectly fine, maybe due to the fact that we were kind of rushing too get home and enjoy the early evening relaxing while watching Tv.
The fine arrived five days later through post and apparently I was 13 km/h above the speed limit.
cancer tumor
haven't fully recovered
doctors couldn't guarantee I would survive
dangerous surgery
I got a few miles on the treadmill, then got a shower, dressed and ready.
get a few things done from work ahead of time since I have a few minutes before its time to leave
t's Chuck, the block's gardener, he is laying on the sidewalk, trying to hold back a scream, he is pressing on his leg, by now we have stopped, he looks at me. I have to stop. We park and I ask my kid to remain calm and stay on his booster seat. I will go and see if Chuck is OK, then we'll get to school. as I approach him, I can see we are not going to school.
Chuck's leg is twisted, he tells me he fell down the tree he was pruning. I offer to get him to the nearest clinic, I help him up and carefully seat him on the passenger's side. We rush to the clinic. My kid is usually opinionated about things, and he has strong opinions about the things that alter his day to day. He did not say a word, other than 'You are going to be OK Chuck, They're going to fix you at the Hospital'
We get to the clinic and an orderly seats him on a wheelchair, Chuck thanks me and disappears behind the glass doors. I now get back to my senses, the school, my kid, my meeting, I'm late for everything. Somehow I'm not worried, I did the right thing, I made somebody's life a bit less hard, and I did it with my son. There will be some blow back, but it's worth it, We'll figure it out. "
My cousin was the one driving because I was too much stressed to focus
On the way to the hospital, the 3 of us where all very worried because of what was happening and my cousin in his concern was driving over the speed limit
they then proceed to give my cousin a speeding ticket
I felt bad because he was just trying to get us to the hospital quickly
A car swerved out of its lane and collided with me
The impact was intense
multiple fractured ribs
The car that hit me didn't stop immediately
exacerbating the damage as I got caught under the bumper briefly
excruciating rib pain
my face is marred by prominent scars
The severity of the accident has left me in considerable physical and emotional distress
many applicants have been interviewed before me
I answered them clearly and concisely
My skills and previous worked experienced match what they were looking for in a candidate.
I have worked for a similar company before and have performed the same duties which meant I was the ideal candidate for the position
asked If I smoke I said No
asked me if I had any medical conditions that they should be aware of which I informed them I am very much healthy and have no medical problems
One day I work up to an email informing that I don't have to go through the interview process because the job is already mine and I start training the following week.
I was told that my cv, essay and voice recording that I submitted on my application were enough and they believe I am the right candidates for the job.
I could not believe that one of my biggest wishes came true and just like that I was employed by JobDuck.
I completed my training and I was told that as a gift I get a fully paid for trip to the US.
This trip was for leisure and for me to see their offices and from there on I would work remotely.
The company also allowed me to choose between staying in the US forever, provided that they will sort out all the required documents to ensure that this was done in an ethical manner or for me to visit and continue to work remotely in my own country."
we delivered
got some really old fabrics
I was so lucky to have met the most amazing new friends
I was and still is amazed at how quickly small communities come together to help people in need, even if they are new to the community
I did not want to be to much of a burden to my new found friends.
we left
We got there just on time
was assisted by friendly and helpful admin staff
If it was not for the wonderful hospital staff I don't know what I would have done
and it did not help that I had a unsympathetic doctor
I could go home the next day
My new friend came all that way to pick me up again and bring me home
We did take it
where we could get out and stretch our legs
ecause we wanted to have a picnic too
That's why i gave some of my personal belongings such as my wallet,keys,and my sunglasses to my friend's bag, which was almost empty.
The moment my friend tried to find our wallets from her bag, she realized that someone stole them
,someone robbed her.
We got panicked and my friend started crying because it was her fault.
We explained to the ticket's inspector what had happened, he believed us and we didn't got a penalty.
he paid our tickets and gave us money to enjoy our trip."
dream institution
arrived at the institution in time
that was my first ever formal interview
making a loss of R4000
deduct from salary
I had debit orders
I was distracted
half of my salary
decided to implement a new strategy
I had met my target
I couldn't focus or do my work
I got scolded
was called in by the accounts manager
"It was on a Thursday
I've never been so devastated
sales meeting was close
was dump founded
get the sales up
deducting money
not only that I made a loss.
went blank
tried calculating
I've never felt so down
They called me two weeks in advance so I had enough time to prepare.
One of the interviewers was my friend back in high school
I asked her to give me so brief on the types of questions they ask in the interview
Questions they ask in the interview and expected answers."
smiling
Things went well
I was in a train with a friend I made in the train
I thought he had a valid ticket
not something I often experience
it is very rare
I am a well organized person
often sleeps late
wakes up very early
plan ahead for work
work tirelessly
submit work before had
work tirelessly without considering a work time frame
without considering working hours
porter for over a year
hate coming to work as a porter as my supervisor was so horrible to me.
He would always find fault in something and i would sign written warnings
I have 3 kids
Remember crying in the toilets
a single mother
my supervisor saw me looking at it and he laughed and said" don't even bother yourself, you'll never get the job just look at yourself"
I tried getting family members to help me practice but they were busy
my kids and they were willing to listened to me and cheer me on.
name being called and i entered to room to find 2 people conducting the interview
uilding i felt light headed, i remember feeling dizzy and then everything when black.
I woke up in casualty apparently my sugar was low. I remembered that i had not eaten anything in the morning
i was admitted and spent one day in the hospital I was fortunate as my mom was there to watch the kids
So I decided to study the whole weekend
really try to be the best at this topic as I could be
It was really difficult and demanding
I managed to do it.
2 months after the incident
Why did you get a speeding fine?
Can I please see the time and date
This was definitely not me
I did inform you that our son wanted to go the shopping centre on
you asked my take him
always want me to let our son drive
I did allow him to drive on the specific day
he was the one who got the speeding fine
know it wrong of me not to inform you
It is really pity the fine have no picture on itI is really pity the fine have no picture on i
you can be able have your 100% target.
failed to reach my target.
I check how far am I to reach my target
I had 80% of my target
it was my supervisor, manager and HR
l screamed
doctor had to sent me to the emergency room
My husband was told that before they do the procedure they needed a full payment
we were not financially stable at that moment
He had to ask for money from my work place,
transferred it to my bank account
My boss asked my colleague and I to plan an arts and crafts event.
I can clearly recall her telling us that I will be responsible of making the activities and the decorations, and my colleague will be responsible for making the advertisement poster to let everyone know about the event.
My colleague was supposed to make the advertisement poster.
He then ended up not making the poster, perhaps he forgot, which doesn't make any sense since this was his only responsibility.
since my colleague didn't do his part.
30 minutes away in town.
i waited for about 5 minutes
found an empty seat
there were ticket checkers patrolling every carriage
whole family came down with chicken pocks
I was so sick that I could not remember and could hardly walk.
I showed him the spots that was still on my body.
The Judge asked why I did not send a email or call them to informed them about not going to appear I said because of the fever I had memory loss.
also explained that chicken pocks is extremely contagious and very dangerous for adults. So could not send anybody else to also come and pay the fine on my behalf because no one was allowed to come near the house or us.
The judge was impressed, however he excuse me and gave me permission the go and pay the fine.
I also asked if the fine could be reduce because its not really my fault that I fell ill. "
This opportunity came as a result of my affiliation with one of the panel members who had advised me of the vacancy and given me tips in preparation of the interview.
As a result, I was willing to do anything to get a new employment elsewhere
This opportunity came in my life at the right time as my family and I needed a financial boost to maintain our expenses because my youngest child had just started school
I prepared using the information and tips I was given by a panel member.
leaving the 10% as I did not know the answer or how to respond.
A day later, I called the panel member to ask how everything went and to my surprise,
he did not want to disclose anything and I thought to myself that I did not get the job and I have to go back to my same old job that I had been doing for the past 8 years.
struggling
challenges
attending
practicing
watching
covered
prepared
worked
diligently
knowing
difficulties
released
previous
realized
similar
While working at my contractor I got an opportunity I couldn't refuse
The start date was first Monday on November and I had yet 3 months on my contract.
So I had to come up with something because I really didn't want to miss this once in a life time opportunity.
said the truth about how much I disliked working here and that I'm only doing it because of the fulfillment of the contract and nothing else.
We then closed I deal which was, I would help them recruit someone with similar skills and then onboard her or him.
That being said, since I already had someone in my mind, after approximately one month it was done.
That being said, since I already had someone in my mind, after approximately one month it was done.
able to
earlier
And start my new dream job
I usually have handover meeting whereby I would present the information to our team as part of the clinic's onboarding process
About a month ago I was working on the information in which I had to present the next day, the nature of the clinic was quite simple and it was something that our company is quite familiar with and therefore I decided that I can finish it last minute (the day before the handover).
I was pretty confident that the document I was working on would save automatically was that usually happens when we get Load Shedding. T
when I was in the handover meeting, I shared my screen to my colleagues and to my horror I realised my work never saved!"
I broke my leg
when I tripped
our business only allows us December's off
travel an hour from home
assistance of my husband
we knew something else was wrong.
unable to bend or straighten my leg completely
went for multiple CT scans
rang
conversation
forgot
the interviewer was very friendly
the interview went very smoothly
,i was so happy cause my
they called me a week after the interview and let me know that i was chosen for the role. and i was hired.
calendar
apology
colleagues
mistake
millions
fault
stress
worry
confused
communication
reminder
teams
department
Dates
detail
attention
organization
list
deadline
management
ended up arranging just 3 slides out of 10
my girlfriend's car broke
I had to drive more than 2 hours every day to pick her up at her mother's home, take her to her workplace and back
I had still just 5 slides ready
The interview took place on the Zoom app
with the principal
lovely experience
holding a master's degree
obtained at the University of Oxford in the United Kingdom
I was a senior consultant and instructor at Havard University
I was offered a position on the spot
my benefits being upgraded as well
a Friday afternoon
the school was a very superior one
We were 3 in the car
2 survived
1 was injured
stopped on the way to get snacks
We even stopped by the mall
We saw a circus we stopped to watch too
The circus lasted for a while before we continued the journey
our car was fine too
I was on a bus going home from work at around 17:30 in a calm city.
I took the same bus as always and I buy tickets almost all the time, to have a peace of mind.
This time I simply forgot, because I was watching an interesting video on YouTube.
It was then I noticed it was actually a three controllers - one went from the back of the bus, one from font and one from middle.
The one from middle pinned me down on my spot, even tough I was sitting near the door and could eventually run off, as there were many chances, I simply did not, I wanted to apologize
I immediately handed it to them, but I have mentioned that I buy tickets every time and I have sipmly forgotten this time.
It was three relatively young
But they mentioned, that if I buy ticket card for 150€ at the spot, I will not get the fine.
I was really happy and accepted the terms as I did not know about the card and the option. I went off the bus pleasantly surprised about the whole experience, as the controllers were really nice and now I had a card valid for one year.
Despite my best efforts and careful planning, circumstances beyond my control
a series of unexpected events disturbed my meticulously planned schedule.
a sudden family emergency demanded my immediate attention and presence
This emergency was unavoidable and took precedence over my academic responsibilities
my laptop malfunctioned, resulting in the loss of critical data and research materials
Despite my best attempts to recover the lost work and the hours spent trying to fix the issue, the technical failure proved insurmountable within the limited time available
an unexpected health issue further complicated the situation. I fell ill with a severe flu, which rendered me physically incapable of focusing on my studies for several days
I communicated promptly with my professors, explaining the situation and seeking possible extensions or accommodations
and I got on it immediately
his mood is improving
he is doing sports little by little as a hobby
lives a normal life, as before
he does things like when he was young and was not yet a smoker
flashing its lights
caused my boyfriend to quickly move into the left-hand lane.
We went after the truck to get its license plate so that we could later file a complaint and get him/her to pay the costs of the damage it had done
